I woke up in a ice cave half frozen I could barely see my surroundings I tried to speak but no sound came out least not sound that can be heard by human ears  after awhile I started to fall asleep,just when everything was going dark I started to hear footsteps I could see shadows on the floor. “I think I herd it come from here. The voice I heard was dark yet hypnotizing I tried calling out but still no sound came out my throat became vary cold my eyes started to get heavy I heard them get closer than I saw three people wearing black armor the one in the middle  had long black hair ,his eyes like silver white. “What do we have here?” I looked up with blank eyes all I could see was a grin he lifted my chin up with a single finger I felt the cold steel brush against my skin. “ Tell me where you the one calling?” I tried to answer but I still couldn’t muster up words. A bright light appeared  before I knew it I was gone.Before I fell unconscious I was laying on the floor  I was in someones arms but I couldn’t see whose all I could was so many voices around me I closed my eyes fell into a deep sleep the man who held me carried me to a big bedroom all night I was having a dream than out of no where a black cat jumped on me I woke up sudden it scared me so bad wings sprouted from my back . “Sorry about that he seems excited." I shook my head. "Not much of a talker are you?" I tried but still nothing... "I see she's awake." "Ya but she's not saying anything." "That's not true it's just you can't hear it. The problem is your useing dragon speach I'm afraid only dragon's understand it or people who understands dragon's." "That's Magus he's the one who brought you here." I looked at them comfused. "All I did was brought you to this kingdom though I senced your arival. Well we can bring you up to speed later for now get some rest." The cat rubbed my hand I could understand it I smiled. It wanted to stay with me. "Yes he can stay he was their when you appeared and it seems he wants to stay by your side." I laid down. The cat watched as they left. "Looks like only you are able to understand me." I nodded. "My master sent me to look after you." (What can I do they can't understand me...) "Well humans can't." I sighed. (I don't remember how I got here let alone what I am...) My wings folded. "Well your a dragon a pretty young one to." I closed my eyes all I could see was that man... (What should I do?) A voice told me what I should do. I picked up the cat and got out of bed. "Looks like you already figured it out." I nodded. I cracked the door open a little and poked my head out no one was their. I was looking through the doors that was opened and some that was closed. "What are you looking for?" (Books...If I'm going to be in some world with no memories I might as well learn about this place right?) "Smart than you want a library."
"Sire it look's like my familiure is with the girl." "And do you know what happened?" He nodded. "Magus sire but the girl seems interested in learning." "Interesting." "That's not all she's able to read and learn at a fast rate." "Keep an eye on her until we can get her back." He bowed. "Well did you learn anything?" "Kind of still nothing about me..." "But now your talking." I nodded. (Magus)"So this is where you went couldn't sleep?" He looked at all the books around me. "Looks like you like to read." I nodded. He looked at another book."You like magic as well?" "Magic?" "Yes that book their is for spells like this." He held out his hand and a small flame formed I watched closly my eyes where slit I held out my hand and did the same thing. Amazing she learned that just by watching once. "Good job why don't you stay here and study okay?" "Okay." He left. "He's hiding something..." "Want me to see what he's up to?" I nodded. "Just becareful." The cat jumped out of my lap and went to follow Magus. Hmm that cat dropped something... I picked it up. I could hear a voice. "Chesire pick up already..." "Umm..." "Your not my cat." "Cat?Oh he went to go follow that Magus person." "Than close your eyes." I did I saw a man in my mind. "I'm Sebastian Chesire's master.While we wait for him to return tell me about yourself." "I don't know I have no memories I don't even know how I got here...But I learned alot from these books even umm magic..." "Master." (Sebastian)"Chesire your back." He nodded. "What did you learn?" He licked his paws.(Cheshire)"Well the girl was right He knows something...That's not all he's trying to keep her away from the king." Another man showed up. "Keep what you know a secret return here every night to learn from Sebastian understood?" I nodded. "Good Chesire keep protecting her and make sure to keep an eye on Magus." They vanished I looked around and chesire was touching the gem. Something was pulsing inside of me than chesire noticed my hand it had a strange marking. "It's hot to the touch..." All of a sudden I felt really tired... I stood up chesire jumped on my shoulder. As we walked out of the library he noticed no one was looking at us I was walking in a daze. I turned. (Cheshire)"Hey hey that's a wall!" He covered his face with his paws.but we went right through. I snapped out of it... "Where are we?" The cat looked around. (Cheshire)"Looks like some catacombs under the castle..." The place was huge. Someone's calling.... I walked for awhile till we came to a bridge. (Cheshire)"Who knew their was a place under the kingdom." We crossed the bridge where two dragons gaurded a huge door they slowly opened. We walked quiet aways when another door opened up in it was a huge chamber. A deep voice shook the ground. "You finally came." "Who's their?" A huge black dragon appeared. "I am the king of shadow's and chaos I brought you to this world to keep you away from my enemy's..." "So your the one who brought me here...Why can't I remember?" He growled. "Someone altered the spell It was already riscky to send you when you where still in your shell...Though it looks like you already found yourself an ally?" I nodded. "Than I give you a gift." He held out a claw two orbs appeared one went into me and the other vanished. "There are more of these out their they come in pairs what they are well you'll have to figure that out for yourself now time to wake up!" "Wait!" All of a sudden I woke up in my bed. "Was it just a dream?" My chest was hurting where that orb entered... I looked for Cheshire he was next to me all dizzy. "Cheshire are you okay?" He gave me a paws up I giggled. "So it wasn't a dream...cheshire do you know what that was?"    
