It all began when ships came a shore with injured humans the water's where magic that protected this land we live in while we healed the injured one of us got trapped on the other side trying to help two of us went to help her the other side was the huge gates that protected us from dark creatures and the outside world only a phew is able to step outside that gate but no one ever does except for those that defend it like our elder. "Hurry please!" We got to her but the waves where violent while I sought help from magic Kate started towards the gate Crystal called out to her but she kept on going I couldn't stop her from going instead I calmed the water's to let Crystal pass the elder met up with us. "Forgive me I couldn't stop her..." She patted my shoulder and headed back into the city. A woman stopped us in amazement. "That was amazeing!" The elder smiled. (Elder)"Many of us use magic some can heal or gather nature or even...trickster's." She chuckled as I pulled off the womans neckless without touching her and placed on a nearby wall. I leaped off the stair's light as a feather. "She's not the only trickster." Kate appeared out of no where Crystal tackled her and hugged her. (Crystal)"How did you?" (Kate)"A little bit of water. And I can go to the gates to." (Elder)"Than you can help protect it." "Why does she get to?" They walked off. (Crystal)"The outside world is dangerous with Orcs and other creatures." She walked off I slammed my fists agaisnt the tree. "I know that...Better than anyone..." The rest of the day I trained alone until it was time for bed. Crystal ran to me she seemed frantic. (Crystal)"Rose!" She stopped to take a phew breaths. (Rose)"What's wrong?" She couldn't speak so she pointed at the gates which in the distance it was ingulfed in flames the skies was filled with smoke. (Rose)"Get everyone down below... Hurry!" She nodded and started to get everyone to safety... I came to the water's and started to chant...the waters tossed and twisted than a water golem appeared than another and another I hopped on to the middle golem's shoulder and pointed towards the gates. They started to walk towards it I looked around to see no one in sight...(Rose)"Not good where is the Elder and Kate? Fortify the Gates quickly!" They held our their arm's and casted water protection on the gates. A huge ball of fire was hurled over the gates I quickly put up a water barrier it was big enough to protect the golem's and I...I looked at the gate and a dark mist came over it and crept passed the massive gates...Shadow hounds  amerged I kept the barrier up than chanted again and three water dragon's appeared from behind me they attacked the hounds. (Golem)"Look out!" Multiple ball of flames headed our way...two of the golems stepped in front and blocked their paths. (Golem)"Protect our master" (Rose)"Wait what are you doing?!" They blocked it but where distroyed... (Golem)"This is no time to cry pay attention to the enamy ahead..." I looked...Someone in black armor headed this way his cloak was black and tattered...he carried a larg sword.I could feal the blood lust from here... (Rose)"Who is that?" (Golem)"The black knight..." (Rose)"Black...Knight?" (Golem)"The servant of the dark king...But he's not the only one here look!" He was right a man was behind him wearing dark robes the mist was coming from him....my whole body was trembling telling me to run... (Rose)"We make our stand here!" I merged the three dragon's into one and flew it into the skies than ice shards rain down apon them...but they missed...no the knight blocked them.The man clapped. "Your stronger than those other too well that young one was strong to but not mentaly." His voice made my skin crawl I was about to attack when all of a sudden my body felt heavy...Marking's appeared on my body. (Rose)"Why?" I collapsed into the golems palm and a blue sphere surrounded me it floated and took me into the heart of the city. The Elder waited their but not in her phisical form. (Elder)"I alway's knew you where strong Rose even when you hid it from everyone I hope you can forgive me this place will protect you as long as it can my dear dragon. The heart of our city will keep you here." Vines picked me up and placed me inside a huge tree.She placed her hand on the tree. (Elder)"Please protect this one." The spirit of the tree appeared and nodded she closed off the place with nature's barrier making it impossible to find. Time passed by. "Sire please be mindfull the spirits here are restless by us being here." "But Sebastian this place is huge and beautiful! It's to bad it's in ruins though..." (Sebastian)"Yes I heard it was full of magic and beauty. Majesty?" "Hey Sebastian what is that?" The sprite appeared she realized they could see her she couldn't sence any darkness so she tried to plead for help but they couldn't understand her. She was getting frustrated when she descided to tug on the man's arm when that didn't work she took his hand. (Sebastian)"You majesty!" He smiled and shrugged as she pulled him towards the middle of the ruin city Sebastian and his knights followed when they got to the middle the king vanished Sebastian and the knight panicked than the king poked his head out. (King)"What are you waiting for come on." They followed the king inside they where amazed at the garden was still intact the sprite pointed to a tree in the middle. (King)"Sebastian look that tree is huge." (Sebastian)"Indeed and I sence it's magic is stronger here careful." The sprite pointed at the tree the king looked. (King)"Their someone in that tree!" (Sebastian)"What?" The sprite looked sad. (Spirit)"Leave!Human's do not belong here..." The winds picked up the young sprite was scared and hid behind the king. The spirite appeared in front of the tree.(King)"Don't give me that." (Spirit)"Huh?" (King)"If you truly ment it than why do you look so sad?" The king dropped his sword and ran towards the tree Sebastian smiled. (Sebastian)"Back up our king!" The knight's laughed and ran with their king as roots shot up from the ground Sebastian used his magic to block them the king ran passed the spirit she closed her eye's and smiled. The king looked inside the tree. (King)"Sebastian a little help." Sebastian created a small opening in the tree with a spell the king reached inside. (King)"How big is this tree..?" (Sebastian)"It's another space sire!" The sprite wanted to help so the spirite gave her human speach. (Sprite)"You must want to truly save her to be able to reach her!" The king looked at the sprite. (King)"So you can talk Alright than I'll save her no matter what!" The sprite nodded. I could here voices so desperite than a light in the darkness I reached out to it. The king grabbed my arm and started to pull me out of the tree. (King)"Come...on... Almost their!" When he pulled me half out he noticed I was a child with silver hair and pointed ears. I was stuck the king was strugling... (Sprite)"You must free her!" (King)"Trying she won't budge..." (Sprite)"She's afraid to...She still blames herself." (King)"Snap out of it!" The sprite was shocked. "I don't know what happened here but theirs no use in blaming yourself if you can't than make up for it!" He pulled me out of the tree I opened up my eye's slowly the sun was bright when I tried to block it out I saw that my hands where small I looked around confused. (King)"Your awake." Everything hit me all at once and I started crying the king patted my head. (Spirit)"Please take care of Rose." The king looked behind me. and nodded. "And you little one go with them she'll need you by her side" The sprite nodded as well though she looked sad as well. "Don't be sad it's my time Rose take this as a gift." An orb appeared it was clear blue. "You are now it's keeper protect it as it will protect you." The orb went inside my chest as blue light shot up around me I could feel it pulse inside than I heard a voice inside my head I closed my eye's A huge water dragon appeared. "I am the ruler over water and I recignize you as my new master. I opened my eye's. (Rose)"Whats going on?" (Spirit)"Time has changed and so have you you'll need to master your new magic and work with the six dragon ruler's to protect this world." (Rose)"But I'm a child now..." She nodded. (Spirit)"It won't be easy but I know you can do it and you won't be alone." The king covered me up in a silk cloak. (Spirit)"Rose the world changed it is not how it use to be." (Rose)"How long?" The spirit was silent for a bit. I turned around. (Rose)"How long was I a sleep?" (Spirit)"A hundred year's have passed since that day..." Tears ran down my cheeks  I hugged the spirit. (Rose)"Thank you." She smiled. We went outside the barrier I waited for everyone to be out than closed it off. (King)"Wasn't that water frozen?" (Sebastian)"It was seems like everything was undone when she woke up." I walked to the water's. (King)"Hey that's not safe." I walked on the surface until I got to the middle I chanted a spell the water shot up and swirled around me it lifted me up into the air and wrapped around my body new clothes appeared it had a gem in the middle of my chest it was a blue as the ocean it had a long blue coat with long sleaves that had magic gem's on the tip.The water vanished I checked out the new clothes than turned around. (Rose)"It's safe to pass now. Is something wrong?" They shook their head. We headed for the gates but when I got their the gate wasn't there any more. (Rose)"Your kidding me?" The sprite cluched my shoulder she was trying really hard not to cry I took a deep breath and patted her head. Once we passed the gates I turned around. (Rose)"Could you give me a moment?" The king nodded. I placed my hands to the ground it started to rumble the ground split as a huge wall burst up from the ground with rune like carvings. (Sebastian)"Amazing you rebuild the wall." I shook my head. (Rose)"It's stronger this way no one may enter now." The king brought the horses around which startled me they laughed. Sebastian held out his hand I hesitated but his smile gave me courage so I took his hand and he helped me up onto his horse. The king could tell I was sad to leave my home.We took off I cluched tight to the saddle. (King)"We should head to the dragon kingdom maybe they'll have answers." (Sebastian)"Good idea sire." The journey was long but we managed. 
