Everyone activate your armor suits and let's get the camp started. Everyone started to activate their armor's. I took a deep breath and activated mine it was black with red trim mine is a beast type. I walked to the starting point first was a race to get to the next challenge their where many groups out their... “Ready! Set go!” Everyone darted off their where two strong groups in front of me one was the White knights their pretty strong but their not my type now the Dark dragon's on the other hand are awesome their leader is really skilled but he hardly takes part in any activity's except for group battles. We got to the next challenge this time it was a team challenge since I wasn't in a team I went into a random team this challenge you use team work to get across a course With picking up ball and passing it to your team mate. "Hey over here!" "I'm comeing!" While I waited for my turn I equipped just my boots and claw's It was my turn I grabbed the ball and dashed off. Once I got to the side the other's where in a panic. "What's wrong?" "Alexis our balls aren't here we can't finish the race..." (Alexis)"Don't panic did anyone see anything?" They shook their head I sighed. "Well we can still finish but will lose points but I'd rather lose points than lose completely now get running!" (All)"Right!" Is she seirus? Shh that's Alexis you don't want to mess with her... Why she has no group... "I'd take a closer look she hasn't move and yet everyone can't look away." "Hey boss that's rare of you..." He shrugs. I crouch down on all fours grinning the air around me trembled I waited for my team to finish in a blink of an eye I already the finish line. I walked and noticed Damian watching for a second I thought I saw him smiling than I heard everyone whispering. "Alright everyone take a break than will take everyone to the next challenge!" I went to shower and change. After taking a shower I got into a new combat suit it was made for my beast armor wasn't heavy but you couldn't put a dent in it. While I waited I relaxed on a window seal. The next challenge probably survival next... Meaning this'll be fun... A group walked up to me and their leader called me out. "Why don't you fight me!" I grind. (Alexis)"Sure but let me warn you don't blame me if you don't walk out of it unscathed." The group sneared and scolfed at me. "So than let's fight!" I nodded and fallowed until they stopped in the clearing I stood on the other side crossing my arms we both activated our armor's, alot of teams where watching I grind the leader pulled his sword. "Where's your weapon?!" I smiled and held out my claw energy started to build the air crackled. "Hey isn't that Alexis?" "Ya the new guys challenged her she never holds back..." " I heard she's able to keep up with the elites." A teacher showed up. "Alright that's enough you can settle things in the next challenge!" I sighed and lowered my energy I turned away as I was about to walk away I heard one of the group who challenged me. "Pathetic... I bet even her guardians weak..." I turned around and shot off a huge blast next to them creating a huge trail of scorched earth they dropped to their knees and went pale. I shook off the flames around my claws. "Alright let's get a move on where departing for the next challenge!" Everyone fallowed our teacher to an anchored ship. "Everyone onto the ship getting their will be up to you to figure out." Everyone was whispering I just crossed my arm's and started to fly than took off the speed sent shockwaves across the water I was already in a bad mood when I got to the ship I wasn't the first one here though the ten major Elits got here wich wasn't surprising I shed my armor and walked around the ship. I thought I saw someone hide I went to check it out and ran into Damian and his group. (Damian)" Well if it isn't Alexis." "Oh hi Damian." "What's that reaction for?" I looked at him. "I thought I saw someone... Nevermind..." Damian got close and wrapped his arm around me Damian was tall and well build with long jet black hair. (Damian)" Come with us I want to talk with you." I looked at him a little confused but I nodded  and went with them. We got to their living space. "Have a seat." I sat down on the sofa he pointed at. "I want you to join us." (Alexis)" Huh? I don't... " "Think about it." "I'll think about it..." I got up and went to my room When I got their my door was open. Hmm strange. I walked in the door closed I looked around a man was standing their he had blond hair blue eye's., He pulled out a sword I growled dark energy wrapped around me like a cloak than Damian showed up grabbing my wrist and shoving the guy into the wall. Damian took me back to their place and closed the doors. (Alexis)" What's going on!" (Damian)" Where not sure but seems we have unavited guasts..." I started to think. (Alexis)"We just need information right and the location for their leader... Right I'll go out their." "Don't get cocky..." One of the girls pushed me against the wall... When I at her she quickly backed off. "What do I care if you get beat!" "Im not going out their to win..." I opened the door and walked out. I walked through the hall's than came to the deck in the middle their stood a knight in gold and white armor... The Royal knight what's he doing here? "Is this all your school has to offer!?" (Alexis)"What's a Royal knight doing here?" He took out a long sword and jabbed it into the deck. "Fine... A dual if I win tell me why your hear!" "You don't intend on winning!" I chuckled. "You're right!" All of a sudden my eye's looked blood thirsty. "I intend to enilate every last of you and your friends..." (Careful she means it.) I breathed in deep and called out my armor's name. The ocean trembled the skies darkened. My armor was black with red and humanoid dragon beast.(Alexis)"Oh just a fair warning...I hope you can swim." "Hows that a warning?" I chanted a circle appeared and a black sword appeared with chains. "Wait isn't that the sword that once belonged to the dark king?" Damian had everyone fall back. I grabbed the sword just by pulling it out sliced the ship in half. "Your kidding!?" "Aw and I didn't even use it...Oh well." "Alexis! No damaging school property!" "A little late teacher." The teacher sighed. "The test has already started head to the inland."
