The forests was peaceful the elves and the fearies got along well. I went to my varoreit spot in the forest where a huge tree stood tall in the middle of meadow I would always lay below. I am a dragon the forest took me in when I was but a hatchling. I touch the tree with my forhead... my long silver hair went down to my ankles  my tail barely laid across the grass the young fearies would often play with my horns or pull on my ears...My ears drooped down. Isn't it quiet...To quiet. I closed my eye's I could see through the forests. I opened my eye's. Where are all the fearies and the creatures of the forests? The tree was afraid of something out their... The skies grew dark...than I heard howls echo throughout the forests...the trees roots closed the entrance of this place. (tree spirit)"You must flee from here." "What are you saying? Your trembling... I won't leave you." The howls where getting closer... Some how the wolves gotten through... "What are those?" They attacked but I held them off until they backed off someone was coming...A man clad in black armor behind him was a creature in black robes. "What are you waiting for distroy the tree!" I stood infront of her to protect her but one swipe of the mans sword and I crashed behind the tree..."Stop your hurting her!"They didn't listen... It's as if they couldn't see me... All I could hear was her screams tears ran down my cheeks I felt helpless...than I couldn't hear her any more. "Whats this? We missed one..." (Run...) I heard her last words and spread my wings I flew above them... I looked back and the wolves where chasing me... What kind of wolves are those? All of sudden I started to feel weak and tired...I started to descend to the ground... What's...wrong...with me? "Without the forest protecting you you can't survive in the darkness. Who would of thought there where still dragons left." I tried to crawl away but I was to weak to move... "You're not just any dragon are you?" He turned me around his fingers wrapped around my neck pinning me to the ground... "Those eyes those silver eyes are unmistakable who knew the forest was hiding such a rare creature..." I grabbed his arm that was holding me down but everything was fading fast...my grip started to loosen... the wolves around me turned into black mist all of a sudden they entered my mouth I couldn't scream or cry I was being swallowed by darkness. I laid there unconscious...He lifted his hand off my neck. The man smiled and told the black knight to carry me. I woke up in a dark room... "Where am I?" "Your awake." "Who...?" It hurts to think... "Tell me do you remember what happened?" I shook my head... "You shouldn't push yourself princess." "Princess?" "Yes you are the kings daughter. We where on a mission to defend against our enemies but we where ambushed I'm ashamed to say it but we where separated..." "Did...I..." "You was successful princess but it seems you lost your memories in the process..." I got up and looked in a mirror... my hair was long and black my eyes where crimson red my clothes where a deep black with red trim and a chain around my waist...I turned around. I got dizzy... "Don't over do it. You're father wishes to speak with you since you're awake." He held out his hand I took it and he lead me to a huge room. There was people on both sides and in the middle was a man sitting on a throne. "Sire. Who is this?" They looked at me. He held his hand up. He looked amazing and terrifying at the same time... The man next to me stepped forward. "This woman is the kings daughter." Everyone got loud except the ones kneeling... It was hurting my ears... (King)"Enough! Explain to them." "Yes sire. She's the kings daughter though he kept it a secret because we where sent on a mission... unfortunately she's lost her memories sire...it's my fault for not protecting her better..." "She must be weak if she got beaten!" "How can that woman be the kings daughter if she's weak?" They started to get scary... I couldn't bare it huge wings burst from my back as dark energy swirled and crackled around me the ground trembled. But than I felt a hand on my head I looked into the kings eyes. (King)"Calm down." I calmed down and took a deep breath. (King)"I kept her hidden for a reason if you want proof than see for yourself." He turned me around and lifted my hair. "She bares the kings crest..." They bowed. "Forgive us." I felt faint the king held me. (King)"Sebastian." "Yes my king?" A knight approached he was in black armor. "Take my daughter back to her room it would seem it was to soon for her to be walking about." He and carried me into his arms. (Damian)"Yes sire." The King placed a necklace around my neck. "Get some rest." I nodded than closed my eyes... Sebastian left. As he carried me through the halls I couldn't help but touch the red stone on the necklace... (Damian)"Why the sad look?" I looked up. "The king...I mean my father gave me a great gift... but I can't remember anything..." (Damian)"Is that what's bothering you?" I nodded. "Doesn't that make me a terrible daughter?" He shook his head. (Damian)"It wasn't your fault you fought hard for this kingdom you wouldn't let something small stop you." I smiled and nodded off... Damian laid me into bed. I awoke to hearing someone in my room. I carefully got out of bed. "Forgive me princess I didn't mean to wake you." I shook my head. "It's alright..." Why does she smell strange...? The next thing I know I'm falling out of the window... but I didn't hit the ground instead my body changed I grew a tail horns and wings... my attitude completely changed. I walked into the throne room with the woman in my claws. "Princess..." "This woman threw me out the window..." I tossed her in front of me... "How dare she go after the princess..." "We need to find out who sent this assasin!" I grabbed her with my tail. (King)"No need daughter get rid of her." "Gladly." I held out a hand and black flames ingulfed her until there was nothing left. Their was a crash from behind me A girl screamed than came at me from behind with a knife but the knights that where kneeling protected me but I wasn't interested in her I turned around towards father and held out my hand chains shot out and snagged  five people aiming for father everyone was surprised than all of a sudden black smoke was coming out of my mouth and my body started to grow and change. The king grind and so did his mage I was going to eat them but Father stopped me. "That wouldn't be wise princess." They where afraid of me but not of death but I smelled something on them...I gave the chains to the mage. (I'm starving...) (King)"Theres a village waiting take the knights with you." My wings folded and the knights jumped onto my back. (Knight)"How are we going to leave?" (Princess)"Hold tight." I spread my wings and my body became like black mist I lifted us up towards the top they braced for impact but we went through it like it wasnt their. We flew into the skies. Something told me to stay out of the light stay in the shadows... "Is this the shadow realm?" (Shadow realm?)" "Yes it's like ours but not..." (Something told me to...) A huge shadow was above us...A huge dragon. "The sky dragon...It's not attacking?" (Damian)"It doesn't see us Good for us but we shouldn't stay long in this realm..." I flew underneath it. "Why are we under it?" (Something told me to ride its shadow.) "Like a wind current." I nodded. "Princess do you know which village your going to?" (Yes kind of... I picked up their scent...It wasn't vary pleasent.) "What did it smell like?" (Bitter and sharp...) "Poisen and lethal to humans." (Poisen?) (Damian)"Yes its something made from plants some can kill others just make you sick." (Oh...) "Princess make sure to follow what we tell you." I nodded. The scent was getting stronger. (Their scent is close by.) I dove down their was a village not far I landed us just outside the village in some woods. Once they gotten off I changed back and out of the shadow realm. "We'll go scout first it might be better for the princess to lay low till tonight." I nodded but I was still hungery.... Damian stayed with me while the others went to the village. I laid down on some leaves the sun stung my skin so I kept tossing and turning. I lifted my hand up to block the sun. Does the sun hate me? (Your a creature that lives in darkness.)Like that dragon? (No you are different there are those who live in the light and those who live in the dark.) How can I do all this when I cant remember who or what I am...? (In order to save you The king and I had to impart a piece of our being into you we are apart of you now.) Father did? (Yes.) The others came back. "Where's the princess?" (Damian)"Asleep." He pointed at the hutt of leaves. "Well the princess was half right they did come through here but the villagers said they wouldn't of let them go if they knew they where assasins. There started from a small village near here Aric and ninja boy went on ahead." I woke up. (Princess)"Where's the village?" "Not far from here but it is near the borders..." (Princess)"Let's go." "Yes!" They bowed I changed and carried them close to the next village... I landed just outside this time I didn't change back but I laid down and waited. Aric found us. (Aric)"Princess." (Damian)"Is it them?" He nodded. (Aric)"Theirs only men and some women but no kids it looks like a training village..." (princess)"Let's go and teach them what happens to traitors but leave there leader alive." The bowed and headed to the village they where pleased with the orders. I flew over and scorched there homes and caused panic. "That's our princess for you!" They gathered the villagers into the center I landed nearby and waited. They wernt vary happy. Two of them stood out I got a closer look one looked like a leader and the other looked old... I over heard them talking. I told Aric to capture those too and they did I grabbed them with my claws I roared and the others got on me and we flew off. Something came at us I barely dodged it... What was that? (damian)"Look out theirs more comeing..." I dodged but another was close behind I couldn't dodge it struck me in the chest. I let out a painful roar. We crashed and got seperated I was out cold. "A child?
