I know we where hired as bodyguards but whats up with these guys? "That would be the boss's doing. Don't mind them. Now Alexis I know you been a good friend and a great fighter but be careful in here." I nodded. (Alexis)"This place is creepy..." "Whats wrong scared?" The other's laughed except a phew. "That attitudes going to get you killed." I looked over it was a man well known use to be military and than went mercurnary more freedom I suppose. "Alexis come on." (Alexis)"Coming sir." I headed off towards the professore. "Theres a room I'd like you to see." We came to a large room I could tell right away that it was sealed. "Well what do you think?" (Alexis)"Theres diffenitly something beyond this door." "The question is professer can she bring down this seal?" (Alexis)"It's pretty strong but yes I can. Though I can't garenty that what ever is sealed in here is friendly." "We'll take that chance." He ordered everyone to stand by and the professore gave me the okay. I took a deep breath and unsheathed my katana with one swift swing I cut through the seal unleashing a dark gust of wind. Than a sinister laugh echoed the strange thing was no one else could hear it. I sheathed my katana. "Hey boss that girl looks scarey." "Ya...Stay away from her." (Alexis)"I'm going to shower if that's okay?"The professer nodded. I went to my tent and got out of my clothes and went to take a shower it was warm it was better than being cold...I still could hear that laugh. I sighed drying myself off. "Miss Alexis!" A boy came in he blushed when he saw me than turned around. (Alexis)"Yes?" "I'm sorry I..." (Alexis)"Don't worry was their something you needed?" He nodded. "Suppers ready everyone's taking a break I thought I'd let you know." (Alexis)"Thanks um?" "Trevor." I got dressed holding my katana we both walk to the eating area. (Trevor)"Hey um Alexis?" (Alexis)"Yes?" (Trevor)"Do you always wield that sword?" (Alexis)"You mean my Katana? Yes mostly it's a family tradition." We got our food and sat down. (Trevor)"So what do you do? Are you some kind of priestess or umm something?" I laughed. (Alexis)"Not excactly." All of a sudden we heard a woman scream coming from one of the areas I quickly grabbed my sword and ran towards them  so did the guys. We got to the room the woman was in a corner crying. (Alexis)"What happened?" (Crying woman)"Something...Attacked me it was so fast..." (Alexis)"Does anyone have the med kit?" "Ya we do." The leader of the military mercs stepped next to me and bandaged the woman up. I looked around their where slash marks on the ground and walls. (Trevor)"What could of done that?" (Alexis)"Some kind of blade but the shape is odd...A clean cut to..." I started to get dizzy. (Trevor)"Alexis are you okay? You don't look to good." I collapsed. (Trevor)"Alexis hey!" The leader came over and touched my forhead. "Shes burning up. Help me get her to the medical tent." "Yes sir."They carefully picked me up and brought me to the big tent... They left the tent so the doctor could see whats wrong.When he couldn't figure it out he got some cold water to try and bring down my fever than went to check on the others. A man was next to me in a black armor shrouded in darkness. "So your the one who broken the seal.Interesting." The man took out a black crystal and held it over my chest he covered my mouth as the crystal entered my body so it would muffle my screams...It was completly inside me. The man vanished. When I woke up the proffeser was their sitting and waiting. (Alexis)"Proffeser?" "Easy you had a high fever and collapsed." (Alexis)"Is that why I feel hot?" "Did you have a nightmare?" (ALexis)"Ya...And ever since the seals been down I been hearing strange things..." "Forgive me I forget that your more attuned to things humans cant think of." I shook my head. (Alexis)"I knew the riscks besides if I did release something might as well face it right?" He smiled. "Tell me if it gets to much will you?" I nodded.
