The forests was peaceful the elves and the fearies got along well. I went to my varoreit spot in the forest where a huge tree stood tall in the middle of meadow I would always lay below. I am a dragon the forest took me in when I was but a hatchling. I touch the tree with my forhead... my long silver hair went down to my ankles  my tail barely laid across the grass the young fearies would often play with my horns or pull on my ears...My ears drooped down. Isn't it quiet...To quiet. I closed my eye's I could see through the forests. I opened my eye's. Where are all the fearies and the creatures of the forests? The tree was afraid of something out their... The skies grew dark...than I heard howls echo throughout the forests...the trees roots closed the entrance of this place. (tree spirit)"You must flee from here." "What are you saying? Your trembling... I won't leave you." The howls where getting closer... Some how the wolves gotten through... "What are those?" They attacked but I held them off until they backed off someone was coming...A man clad in black armor behind him was a creature in black robes. "What are you waiting for distroy the tree!" I stood infront of her to protect her but one swipe of the mans sword and I crashed behind the tree..."Stop your hurting her!"They didn't listen... It's as if they couldn't see me... All I could hear was her screams tears ran down my cheeks I felt helpless...than I couldn't hear her any more. "Whats this? We missed one..." (Run...) I heard her last words and spread my wings I flew above them... I looked back and the wolves where chasing me... What kind of wolves are those? All of sudden I started to feel weak and tired...I started to descend to the ground... What's...wrong...with me? "Without the forest protecting you you can't survive in the darkness. Who would of thought there where still dragons left." I tried to crawl away but I was to weak to move... "You're not just any dragon are you?" He turned me around his fingers wrapped around my neck pinning me to the ground... "Those eyes those silver eyes are unmistakable who knew the forest was hiding such a rare creature..." I grabbed his arm that was holding me down but everything was fading fast...my grip started to loosen... the wolves around me turned into black mist all of a sudden they entered my mouth I couldn't scream or cry I was being swallowed by darkness. I laid there unconscious...He lifted his hand off my neck. The man smiled and told the black knight to carry me. I woke up in a dark room... "Where am I?" "Your awake." "Who...?" It hurts to think... "Tell me do you remember what happened?" I shook my head... "You shouldn't push yourself princess." "Princess?" "Yes you are the kings daughter. We where on a mission to defend against our enemies but we where ambushed I'm ashamed to say it but we where separated..." "Did...I..." "You was successful princess but it seems you lost your memories in the process..." I got up and looked in a mirror... my hair was long and black my eyes where crimson red my clothes where a deep black with red trim and a chain around my waist...I turned around. I got dizzy... "Don't over do it. You're father wishes to speak with you since you're awake." He held out his hand 
