There are ghosts everywhere! I etched three flames into the wood of the ship three clocks started. I called up flames to drive them away from the ship. "There's to many!" Crystal was right there where alot this time...Some was partying and other's was just creating havick. One got close to me He embraced me... He's no ghost.... I relized.... "Your a demon..." He smiled as his eye's glowed red.His true form was revealed I made a new clock but it was different from the other's. "Why's a demon here and you better choose your answer's wisly!" He laughed while he sat behind a bar. (Demon)"Why's that?" "Because  I connected our souls so if you lie I'll know it...." (Demon)"Oh? That might be interesting...Does it also do that?" He pointed at my tail. I tried to hide it but I grew claws and ear's than my eye's changed. "Hey what's going on?"I growled.The demon laughed. (Demon)"Oh the girl is turning into one of us poore thing but now she has the world under her claws." The clock was blue but started to blink red I looked closely. "No way..." I looked at the other's... "Well that's good and bad....everyone's going to return back to where they came from....But so will I..." The clocks clicked and a huge  flame shot up and a hole opened up sucking every ghosts in and was pulling me in... I dug my claws into the wood...I started to lose conciousness I got sucked up towards the hole but someone caught me A different red circle appeared below us and we vanished....I woke up in a panic I looked around... Than I looked at my claws. I'm still here? I got up and carved the clock on the floor...It was completly red. (Demon)"Is that really surprising?" I looked at the door...A man in silk robes was standing there he looked different from that other demon but...their was another standing behind him. I paniced I looked for a way out there's a window.... I jumped and flew  the area was different...I couldn't keep flight and fell... "Sire that new demon you brought landed in the dragon's nest." "Let's go get her." Ow...Where am I? I heard a growl the ground started to shake. A huge beast appeared... A dragon! When the other's arrived the dragon was laying down while it's baby dragon's was licking me.
