I was breathing hard as I had just woken up finding my self in a middle of a battle a man tried to tame me but was interrupted. Now I'm on the run for my life from all these fellow dragons... I hid behind a metal door when suddenly a masive green dragon came in I lowered to the ground when that man was riding it. I couldn't tell wether to be terrified or... The man spotted me and smiled he didn't attack me though. What Doe's this human want...? He got off the green dragon and headed the other way. Huh? What's he doing? He signalled at me to come to him. I did slowly other dragons showed up I growled but they didn't flinch...so I kept walking till I stopped near the human he was casting a weird spell it made me calm I lowered my self to the ground he came around and got on my back at first it was strange but he wanted me to fly... I stood up spreading my wing's I lifted us off the ground. I was starting to get the hang of someone on my back. As we where flying we passed a valley, I heard a dragon behind me... I looked around the human looked different from the one riding me. I got the feeling he wanted me to attack. I released fire from my jaw. Another dragon attacked from the side knocking me to the ground I growled and fought back but something wrapped around me... "Easy where not here to hurt you. We better take this one back..." A huge black dragon grabbed me and flew off. "Forgive me sire we almost lost some of the dragon's... Luckily we still have this one." I started to fade. When I woke I was laying in some kind of grass... Where am I? A human clad in armor appeared. "Look's like this one's awake." "It looks kinda small you sure it can fight?" "The dragon master wants any dragon. It's not our place to question plus this one's strangely eager to fight." "Alright let's take it to the arena..." I followed the humans to a larg area with more humans making alot of noise... The humans who brought me here closed a large gate. I growled when a huge dragon appeared... Your kidding... It's not the one who picked me up but... It's tail swung at me I quickly dodged but it kept attacking... Why are you attacking me!? It knocked me against the ground it's claws was digging into my side's I could hear the humans. "It's weak!" "Rip it apart!" I'm going to die!? Bigger I need to be bigger!... My body felt strange suddenly I felt something over take me. I let out a deathly roar my scales changed and marking's started to appear. I wasn't bigger but the other dragon backed off. A circle appeared in front of me my mouth was in flame's but black flame's. As I was about to blow away the dragon that human appeared and I felt calm again... I felt like I was in a daze the next thing I was back in that room... I lowered my head.... "Ah my lord what brings you down here?" "That dragon where did you get it?" "In the wild near the ruin's. She maybe small but she's not like any dragon I've come acrossed." "Ah the one the king had to grab?" "Yes regrettably those Knight's where being a pest again."The next morning they had dragon's line up in the arena I was last in line. A bigger dragon appeared with a human riding...the other's where afraid.The energy it was giving off was huge but it wasn't him I was worried about it was the one on his back. The man calmed everyone down. "Sire these are the dragon's we where able to snag." What's wrong with them..."Sire someones attacking!" "Take the dragon's  back." They rounded us up when all of a sudden a huge flaming boulder came out of no where when it struck their was smoke everywhere but the boulder never hit when the smoke cleared my marks where glowing and a barrier surrounded the area. (You know I can't keep this up...all day...well I could but its tireing.) (Interesting your the one who placed this?) (Yes...) A soulder placed a harnest on me and got on me. (Hey...!) He forced me to fly up. (Dark king)"I never gave the order to fly the dragon's..." (Take your barrier down.) (Why...? Fine...) Geeze useing me as bait great... I took down my barrier and the man steared me away. We flew to some kind of human camp...The whole time I showed the black dragon everything I saw. The human's grabbed my harnest. "Careful that dragon's strong." "You sure it looks weak to me." "Trust me that one is different..." (well least they got that one right...but they don't know a thing these humans...My power's can distroy army's...) (Your truly different your obediant...) (What would you know...) "Sire what should we do?" (Dark king)"Make sure no one else is a traitor. I'll go make sure to remind those who do." "Yes my Lord." The black dragon lifted off. "Hurry to battle the dark king approaches!" A knight sattled me and took to the skies... I was face to face with the black dragon. (Human do you want power?) "What? Where's that voice coming from?" (Do you want to distroy the enamy ahead? Unchain me and release me...) The human saw chains and a dark abyss. But like all human's he broke and passed out... I dove out of control away from the battle. I landed in a clearing with rocks I watched as my human rider fell off me... I laid down and waited. I heard someone approach a human in black armor. The man looked at the soldier on the ground than at me. "My Lord what will you do with this one?" Another man came up from behind... (Will you break my chain's?)"Huh?" (What is you want human?) The man in armor touch my nuzzle he could also see the chain's. "My Lord what is it?" (What will it be human? Will you go mad like the other's or will you free me?) "What do you mean free you? Is that what happened to that knight?" (Yes he was to weak...Human's bound me to serve all human's but only one could truely have my power.)"How do I  break these chain's?" (I can't tell you that.) The man got on me. (Lord Damian)"Take this traitor and head back I will join the king in battle." "Yes my lord." We took off and joind up with the dark king. (King)"You managed to get back what was stolen?" "Yes sire." (He doesn't even care what's wrong with humans!) I roared... We flew off to fight. Dragon's took flight and attacked I dropped to the ground when the man told me to keep fighting than jumped off to fight on the ground... The black dragon and I fought in the skies every time I got closer though my body felt strange... A bolt of light went in between us I flew out of the way... A light dragon appeared he was as big as the black dragon but this one had no rider... The black dragon was above me. I was about to get ready for another fight when someone landed on me. Fear came over me...The black dragon came beside me but the rider wasn't their... (King)"So this is what he ment." (No way...) "Dark king your rain is over!" (Your kidding right? He's not done...Hey dragon serve my master.) (What why? He's already got you...) (Are you truly picky of who you serve?) (As long as I'm free I guase not... Human...) I felt his energy wich made me shiver. (Human will you break my chain's?)(King)"Yes as long as you serve me." We entered another plain. ( Break my chain's and my power is your's to command Master. That's if you can...) He brought out a sword and with one swing he broke all the chain's... He didn't even let me finish...Oh well. Energy exploded my body was cracking the marks turned red it also effected the King. (Thus my chains break my power is my master's will my true form is reveiled...) Laughter filled the air my body grew bigger the scales changed black red my eye's where pure red. ( I am chaos and distruction may I lay waste to thy enemy's.)My roar sent shockwaves. "Impoosible a chaos dragon? No but we sealed her away..." (Master my full power's still asleep but what's their is your's at your command.) (King)"Show me." A large magic circle appeared the air crackled as energy was building up. "Wipe out the camp." (Yes master.) I aimed it towards the camp the white dragon tried to come at me but when I released it the shockwave blew him back and the camp was longer their along with the surrounding area. Out of no where chains of light surrounded me the king jumped onto the black dragon as the chains started to pull me towards the ground... (Not again...) I thrashed around until I couldn't move I changed back to my normal self laying their...but before they could completly seal me away the black dragon swooped in and snached me away. I woke back up in a bed of straw I heard a voice calling to me so I fallowed I ended up outside of the castle a man stood in a clearing he had silk robes with white long hair. I changed to a human female form and yawned. "Why have you called me?" "Have you forgotten already? It's not to late to sevure your pact with the king... It's not complete." "True...He doesn't listen ether something you have in common..." "Your the one who made a pact with that being." "And your the one who sealed me away... Teacher...I remember." I walked towards him when chain's stopped me and pulled me to my knee's. "You intend to seal me again?" He held out his hand. "Your to dangerous..." The dragon master showed up interupting my teacher. He jumped back. "My the king won't be pleased if one of his dragon's where to go missing. I can't have you sealing this one back up."I stood up slowly as the chain's gripped at me. (Teacher)"What are you doing?" "Open a path before me..." "You musnt!" A red circle appeared over lapping my teacher's binding circle. "You'll distroy yourself if you go in your state!" A bright red light ingulfed me but at the same time the dragon trainer was also chanting I vanished and collapsed in the king's tower along with the trainer. I barly was contiouse I saw the king and the trainer... (King)"You found her." "Yes my lord she was about to teleport someplace else." "Same trick as last time though who would of guase that dragon was her this whole time." "I heard rumer's that her own teacher brought her down." "Why did you bring me back...?" I slowly stood up... "I remember... It doesn't matter the pact isn't even complete." The king claspped my chin and looked into my eye's. "So it's true when I last saw you had fire in your eye's but now it's emptied darkness." I chuckled. "I made a pact with the shadow king after I fled your grasp...Than captured and sealed by my own teacher...My memory's are still scattered..." "Where where you heading?" I looked over to the trainer. "The shadow...temple...I can heal their...The seal is fixing itself..." I slowly started to change back into a dragon once more. "Sire?" (King)"Where is this shadow temple?" "Sadly I do not know it's been hidden from the world." (That's because It's connected to the shadow realm itself human's can't simply walk up to it. How ever since you made a pact with the girl I could faintly smell it.)
