A friend of mine invited me to a Halloween party. Claire and I was dancing. This was a small town so everyone knew just about everyone. "Hey Claire did you hear theirs someone moving in that manor." (Claire)"I heard. Who would move their?" "No clue." Claire and I went outside. Claire whispered. (Claire)"I had a dream again..." Claire's family is a clan of people who is a shape shifter. This town maybe small but it hides alot. I lived here since I was a baby Claire's family took care of me. "We should go home maybe your mom would know." We headed out when two guys came up to us one looked drunk the other really creepy. Great who invited them...? "Leaving already?" He grabbed Clair's wrist. (Claire)"Ow let go! We don't want anything to do with you!" The other guy circled around. "Why don't you leave those young lady's alone." "Huh who are you?" Their was a group two females and three guy's. They looked young and beautiful... Could they be knew around here? The one in the front had short black hair with silver eye's. "It's rude not to introduce yourself first is it not?" Claire and I giggled the man got really mad and threw Claire down. That's it! I back kicked the guy flipping him backwards. His drunken buddy tried to come at me but I dropped than came up my palm was really close to breaking his jaw when it caught him off balance he fell wetting his pants. (Claire)"Rose I think you went a little to far again..." The guy next to the one who came to help held his hand out to claire. "Are you alright?" Claire nodded. He helped her up. "Looked like we weren't needed." (Rose)"And you are?" "Damian and they are my family we just moved here." (Rose)"I see. Well welcome to our small town witch anything can happen." The man smiled. (Damian)"Would you know of a place to go hang out?" (Rose)"Sure theirs a bar not to far from here or the café there open still." (Claire)"Rose we should really get home before the next party." (Rose)"I know. It was nice meeting you, but we should really get home." We said goodbye and started walking than I just remembered something... I ran back and handed a paper to Damian. (Damian)"What's this?" (Rose)"Where haveing another party later it's in an a house in the forest since its Halloween and all. If you want to come that is.Well see you!" I ran back to Claire. We got home to get ready. After getting dressed we left for the cabin. Everything was ready to go and a phew showed up. We had music going and was chatting while waiting on more to show. Than later Damian and his family arrived. (Rose)"Hi guy's glad you made it! Come on in." I introduced them to everyone. We danced. I went to the kitchen to get more snacks and make more drink's. Damian and one of his sister's came in. (Damian)"Would you like some help?" (Rose)"Sure I'm just making some more snacks and drinks. "I can help with the snack's." I smiled. (Rose)"Thanks!" "Do you always throw party's here?" (Rose)" some times though I do live here so it's nice to have company." Damian helped with the drink's. Once we where done we headed out where everyone was. Everyone was having a good time.
