Sis said to meet her at her work right? I pulled up to a building and turned off my bike. I walked in to the building and a guard was sitting at a desck. "Scuse me umm I'm here to see my sister." (Security)"Right take the elivater to the top." "Thanks..." I got into the elivater pushing the top button. Leaning up agaisnt the wall was all I could do while I waited. It dinged and the doors opened I walked through to find a huge office... "You must be Alexis Kate told me about you." "Oh yes I am." He laughed. "Sorry didn't mean to startle you I'm her boss." He held out his hand for a handshake I accepted it. (Kate)"Alexis!" Kate came up from behind and wrapped her arm's around me. (Alexis)"Sister... Your choking me..." She chuckled. (Kate)"I missed you" I blushed and smiled. (Alexis)"I missed you to but could you not hug me so tight?" She eased up. (Kate)"I see you met Alex." He smiled. (Boss)"Alex?" I was embaressed. (Kate)"Yup I used to call her that alot.Alexis this is my boss Aric. Alexis..." Kate looked at me with a pouty look. (Alexis)"Yes?" (Kate)"Please tell me your staying this time..." She glared at me. (Alexis)"Yes till this weekend any way's..." (Kate)"Well at least I get to see you some." (Aric)"What is it that you do if you don't mind telling?" (Alexis)"I travel around searching for artifacts and legends this time it's in the ocean. We'll be testing out new deep sea diving gear while searching for a lost temple..." (Kate)"Did you get what I asked for?" I nodded. (Alexis)"It wasn't easy you know but I did manage to find it." I held out a locket with a blue and red gem in the middle of it. (Aric)"Where did you get that?" (Alexis)"Why do you want to know? I got it for Kate sence she asked me." (Kate)"Actuly I wanted to give it back to it's owner."  (Aric)"Kate I told..." She stopped him. (Alexis)"I'm lost..." (Aric)"That locket belongs to my family but was lost..." I handed it to Kate. (Kate)"How much?" (Alexis)"For you nothing. I Delivered it so the job is done you can do what ever you want with it. Oh I also found that book you wanted." Her eye's lit up. (Aric)"Are you doing anything tonight?" (Alexis)"Nope." (Aric)"Why don't I take you both out for dinner tonight?" (Kate)"Sounds great!" I nodded. (Alexis)"Oh right here's my card if you need anything give me a call any relics or more family keep sake I can get anything for you at the right price." Kate punched my arm... "Ow I was kidding...Besides payment isn't money..." (Aric)"What do you usely trade for than?" "Relics or information or part's for our tech." (Kate)"Sis" I turned as she threw her key's at me. "You can crash at my place though I'm still packing so might be a mess." (Alexis)"Thank's. See you to tonight than." I hugged Kate and left. I put my helmit back on and got on my bike.I turned it on and pulled out than I got an incoming call I tapped my helmit. (Alexis)"Hello?" (Boss)"Alexis how did it go with your sister?" (Alexis)"It went okay though her tight hug's will be the death of me..." (Boss)"Did you tell her where your going?" "Kind of not completely...Tonight where having dinner so I thought I wouldn't tell her everything she already worries about me as it is..." (Boss)"Dinner?" (Alexis)"Yes her boss invited my sister and I tonight." (Boss)"Looks like I'm missing out." "Sounds like your jealous..." (Boss)"Your always my concern Alexis wether it's busness or pleasure you know this." I chuckled. (Alexis)"Damien I'm always your's besides I wouldn't worry my sister has her eye's on that man anyway's and I'm pretty sure he has her on his as well." (Damien)"I'll see you this weekend." (Alexis)"See you than..." (Damien)"Zu'u love Hi Dii Dragoness." I smiled and blushed (Alexis)"Zu'u love Hi Wah Dii Dova." I hung up. I hurried to my sister's place. When I got their I parked and got the key's out When I unlocked the door box's almost fell on me... "She wasn't kidding..." I caught most of the box's and placed them aside while closing the door. I took off my helmit and put it away. I went to her bathroom to take a shower I took all my clothes off and turned the water on. I got in the water felt great against my skin I rubbed my shoulders they where really sore... My hair went passed my back my bangs went to my stomach my tail swayed back and forth the markings revealed themselves. The water washed over my horns and pointed ears when I opened my eyes they where slit and red sapphire. I ran my claws through my hair. (Kate)"Sis I'm washing your clothes!" (Alexis)"Thanks! Your home early!" (Kate)"I'm on break there's fresh towels in the cabinet." I turned off the shower and dried off I saw pair of clothes on the counter I put them on a tank top with jeans I walked out drying my hair. (Kate)"I brought lunch. I hope sandwiches are okay." I nodded. While she got that ready I got her book out. (Alexis)"Here's your book the boss gives his regards." She squealed than squeezed me. (Kate)"You're the best sis!" (Alexis)"Your...welcome." We ate and talked before she had to go back to work. I sat working with some programs for the new armor gear. (Damien)"Working on the program?" (Alexis)"Boss?" (Damien)"I thought I told you to relax..." (Alexis)"I can't help it besides how can I?" (Damien)"I know but at least rest before tonight." (Alexis)"I will." (Damien)"Good see you soon." He hung up. I chuckled and saved everything before turning it off than I heard my clothes go off swo I went to go change. "Much better." I picked my helmit and headed out and locked sis's house. I hopped on my bike putting on my helmit and took off...I tapped my helmit. "Find the nearest cafe." (Voice)"The nearest cafe is....I suggest the one near your sister's work." "Is it really that good? Well than let's go there." I reved the bike and headed their. I got their and parked it looked nice enough taking off my helmit I looked and got off the bike I walked in. "Welcome back" The girl was in a maid outfit. A maid cafe? I looked around their was males to and it looked really nice inside. After staring at me for awhile she sat me down at a table she handed me a menu. She must be new. I looked at the menu everything looked delicouse. The bartender was watching carefully. (Alexis)"Can I have a coffee for now please." "Yes Ma'am. What would you like with it?"  "A little bit of cream and one suger please." She nodded. "Right it'll be a phew moment's." She bowed and went to the counter. Another costumer came in he was a tall man and he ment busness... The girl welcomed him I could tell she was really nervus though I can see why the man was glaring at her. (Alexis)"It's not nice to glare at a young woman."He looked at me the girl kinda panicked than I heard a familiure voice. "Sister what are you doing here?" (Alexis)"Kate hehe I thought I'd try this cafe."  The man stepped aside it looked like Kate's boss was with her. The maid sat the man down at a table far from us. (Kate)"What was that all about?" I shrugged and smiled. The bartender came over to bring my coffee. "Thank you." I smiled.  (Alexis)"No worries." "What can I get for your friend's?" (Kate)"I would like coffee to and a parfate." (Aric)"Coffee for me as well but black." He bowed. "Right away." (Kate)"So what do you think?" (Alexis)"About?" I sipped some coffee getting some foam on my lips I licked it off. (Alexis)"Wow." (Kate)"I know their coffee is the best here." (Alexis)"So do you to always come here?" Sis glared at me. I chuckled The bartender brought out their coffee and sis's parfate. I finished and left to take a quick nap at sis's place. I plopped on the couch and started to doze off... (Kate)"Sis wake up..."Kate shook me till I was awake... I yawned. (Alexis)"What time is it?"She giggled. "Time to wake up and get ready. You must of been tired." I got up. (Alexis)"I kinda stayed up working on the new program..." I told her about it while we got ready. (Kate)"That's amazing and you make all that?" I nodded. (Alexis)"I made other thing's as well but I'll tell you about that later." We where ready and left. Alex met up with us.(Alex)" You look lovely my dears." Kate smiled. (Kate)"Hehe thanks." Alex held out his arm and led us inside it was a nice night club you couldn't tell it was a club at all. We got sat down and waited I got a phone call... (Alexis)"Hello?" "Umm Alexis I really wanted to thank you again and that lady said she'll adobt me." (Alexis)"That's great news and don't worry about a thing my boss said he'll take care of everything alright. Oh right if your mother tries anything let me know." "I will thanks again bye." The phone call ended. (Kate)"Who was that?" (Alexis)"Oh a friend I have a phew that help me out with work and this one had a bad mom so I took care of it." Our food was brought out and some drinks. I told them what happened. Kate laughed. (Kate)"I can totaly see you doing that." (Alexis)"That wasn't the best part though the same persion who held us at gun point was the one who punched the woman."
