My sister and I are traveling to an old castle.(Hey sis how much further?)"Your the one who told me about it besides it's just across bridge."(Next time im riding on your back...Why can't we just fly the rest of the way?)I laughed. "Because we can't risck it spiecly if this castle has an owner once we get their than you can change back okay." My sister picked up speed. I gripped her mane tightly.
(Alexis you better hold on tight! Where almost their i can see it!)"Rose slow down! We crossed the bridge you can now!" Rose stopped. I got down off of her back and waited for her to change back to human I chuckled and gave her clothes. She blushed while putting her clothes on.Rose has been helping me find castles while on the run from a vary crazy dragon.(Rose)"Sis come on its going to storm and I know you don't like storm's." I nodded as we headed to these massive door's I looked at Rose she was younger than I but she had our mother's eye's. I knocked on the massive doors I was about to knock again when the door's opened there stood a man with old fashion clothes dark black hair and blue eye's Rose couldn't stop staring though I couldn't blame her he looked really hot. " Can I help you?" I cleared my throat.(Alexis)"Yes my sister and I where here searching for castles and came upon this one are you you its owner?"Rose elbowed me."Im just visiting but my friend inside is why don't you two come inside." His voise was just as sexy as he looked but something about him seemed off. We fallowed the man inside this place is amazing! Rose giggled. Wander where hes taking us? Rose shrugged. "This way." He led us to a nice low lit room with full of books my eye's widened. "Alexander I brought these young ladys here." A man was sitting in a nice looking chair reading he closed and got up when he turned around he was tall and breath taking he had long black hair with a gote his eyes where sharp and wise.(Alexander)"What brings...?"(Alexis)"Alexis and this is my sister Rose. Where here searching for surton castles and learn from them well Rose likes to learn while I scecht them..." I blushed when I mentioned that I sketch. Alexander smiled.(Rose)"We where wandering if we could sketch your castle and possibly explore it?"(Alexis)"Rose!"(Rose)"What?!" Alexander and his friend laughed.(Alexander)"I don't mind how about you Damian?"(Damian)"I don't mind though do you ladys have a place to stay?" We looked at each other and shook our heads. (Alexis)"We usely sleep in deserted castles we could find somewhere before the storm hits..."As I said that lightning struck I jumped. Rose covered her face.(Rose)"You had to say it." (Alexander)"Why don't you stay here we have plenty of room's it would be safer and you can stay as long as you like."I nodded.(Rose)"Yes! Wait is it haunted?"Alexander looked at us. "Last castle was..." I nudged Rose and shook my head than another lightning struck I whimpered under my breath.(Alexander)"Why don't you two get warmed up while Damian and I find you a room."We nodded. While the two left Rose and I curled up next to a really beautiful fireplace it was made of dark wood. (Sis what are we gonna do I want to stay and explore as much as I can...) (Will see I won't let anything interfere not this time I promise.)I held Rose close to keep her warm. Alexander and Damian came back Rose was asleep Damian grind while I tried to pick her up. Damian walked over and picked her up like she was a feather. Show off...Alexander showed me where we would stay it was a beautiful room it was draped in silk and wood. I yawned than cringed forgetting I was still sore. Damian laid Rose in the bed and covered her up.(Alexis)"Thank you for letting us stay." My voice was a bit pained but they smiled.(Alexander)"If you need anything we'll be in the library but in the mornings where asleep."I nodded. Looks like im not the only night time person. They bowed and left the room I sighed in relief I carefully took off my shirt I cringed at the claw marks every where I took my pants off my tail uncurled I looked into a mirror I broked down and fell on my knees covering my mouth as I cried. Alexander's eye's flashed red.
(Damian)"Thats not like you to lose your temper."Alexander rubbed his temples as his eye's went to a silver blue.(Alexander)"Forgive old friend I can't help but feel this way..."Damian placed his hand on his friends shoulder.(Damian)"I feel the same will protect them from the shadow's least their safe here."(Alexander)"Your right." Morning came and I was awake sketching the sunrise through the window Rose woke up tossing over.(Rose)"Your up early." I smiled.(Alexis)"I thought I'd sketch this view besides I couldn't sleep..." Rose got up and hugged me carefully I smiled as the storm rages on.(Rose)"Maybe a good bath will help sis." I knew she was right I gave her a nod.(Alexis)"Hey sister what do you think of those two?" Rose giggled.(Rose)"Other than being hot and mysterious and I think they come off as alpha's... We laughed. "I dont want to leave..." I wrapped Rose with my wing's and kissed her forhead and whisperd in dragon tongue she smiled and nodded. We went to explore and found the bath it was filled and ready for us I looked at Rose she just shrugged and smiled. We closed the doors and took off our clothes. The water was crystal clear and vary hot wich we both liked it that way. Rose carefully washed my back. After a nice bath I got out and got dressed sis stayed while I explored the castle it was huge. Wow this place is amazing!... My chest started to hurt the room started to spin I leaned against the wall and started to walk slowly when I came to the same library from last night his scent was in the room still some how it calmed me down I heard whispers throughout the room suddenly I passed out and collapsed into Alexander's arms. He gazed at my face he carried me to my room Rose watched from a distance she turned Damian was right behind her he saw her tears he wiped them away he took her to his room and held her into his strong arms.(Damian)"Why dont you rest here for awhile." He brushed Rose cheek with his cold finger Rose smiled and started to drift off to sleep. Morning started to fade night time arrived. I was having a nightmare of a man chasing after me the man grind than changed into a huge dragon he laughed. I will have you! I ran as fast as I could than I started to hear Alexander's voice than cold on my lips but warm to I slowly opened my eye's to see him kissing me he was about to break his kiss when he looked into my eye's telling him to keep kissing he smirked his tongue slid passed my lips and danced with mine he dried my tears from my face after awhile pulled up and smiled.(Alexander)"Feeling better?" I nodded than blushed. My first kiss well least it was with someone that's really cute. He pulled my hair back and gazed into my eye's than he got up I cought his scent 
