Alright class settle down. We have two transfer students here please welcome them. Everyone was whispering than two people came in one was a tall girl with long blong hair the other was also tall but he had long black hair. "This is Damian and Crystal they've come from over seas. Why don't you two have a seat." They looked around and spotted two openings next to me. They sat down next to me. "Alright let's talk about the scare festival Alexis come up here." "Yes sir." I stood up and walked to the front. (Alexis)"This year where going to be busy sitting up for the festival so if anyone has any ideas for stands or festivities please come to me after class and write down your ideas and name, as for the main evant we'll be having all the classes pitch in the student presadent and some of the teachers will also be helping." Everyone got excited. "If anyone has quiestions come to me at lunch." I finished up and sat down. Class started... After class the student vice president came up to me with a peace of paper. "Alexis why isn't your name on this?" I looked at it... (Alexis)"I'm not dressing up..." (Damian)"Can anyone dress up?" She looked over adjusting her glasses. "Yes anyone can though Alexis was sappose to be the dragon queen..." (Alexis)"But I told you no and besides no one wants to be the king..." Damian raised his hand. (Damian)"I'll sign up." The vice president got excited than she looked at me with her puppy eyes... (Alexis)"Fine...I'll do it but stop looking at me like that." "Great just sign here." We both signed our names... She smiled and ran off. I got up and sighed. Next was P.E class. "Alright everyone choose a partner to do streches with." (Crystal)"Alexis can I partner with you?" I nodded. We started to strech. (Crystal)"You didn't seem vary happy back their..." (Alexis)"Oh that? Nah It's just the student councils been nagging me every year about it...Hey are you too dating?" (Crystal)"Damian and I? No haha why do you ask?" I shrugged. (Alexis)"You seem to be close." We finished P.E class and was time for lunch. "Alexis the student president wants to see you." I nodded. (Alexis)"See you later Crystal." I took a shower first than headed to the student council room. I knocked. "Come in." (Alexis)"You wanted to see me?" (Student president)"Yes I saw you finally wrote your name down." (Alexis)"Ya so..." He looked at me. "You refused last year what makes this year different?" I shrugged. He looked mad I knew why though... to some it was just some party but to others it was a display of who dominated...seems some dragons are like that...he slammed his hand on the table wich scared me. "You know this festival is more than just a festival...So why choose an outsider to be your partner?" My eyes slit. (Alexis)"If you think you can win my attention than try beating this outsider and I since you think you own me." "Fine than princess I'll beat your partner and when I do you will be mine..." (Alexis)"Don't forget your not the only one entering." Someone cleared their throat. "Damian!?" (Damian)"I came to get Alexis she said she was going to show me around..." (Alexis)"Oh right I almost forgot sorry. I'll get those papers to you later." We left... we got to a hall no one was around he pinned me to the wall...(Alexis)"Damian?" (Damian)"You owe me an explanation princess." (Alexis)"You heard?" He leaned in closer all of a sudden he kissed me. I blushed than my eyes changed. (Alexis)"Do you know what you've gotten yourself into?" (Damian)"Tell me?" What is this? I can't move...Why am I terrified? " I'll tell you during break meet me on the rooftop..." He nodded and let me go. I got lunch and headed to the roof no one was there yet I sighed in relief. "Alexis!" I jumped. "Haha how do you plan on Winning when you jump every time someone calls your name? I heard you finally entered with a partner." He jumped back onto the fence. Damian was behind me. "Speaking of the devil...Alexis they have their sights set on you just warning you!" He vanished... (Crystal)"What did he mean by that?" I took a deep breath. (Alexis)"There's a reason I don't enter these festivals Each year there's a pair from each class who enters the festival to determine who would represent the school...but they just see it as a way to win over the queens. The kings protect their partners and so do there partner you can have knights to help out as well...." Damian placed his hand next to me on the wall. (Damian)"Sounds fun what else?" I kissed him back a magic circle appeared a chain went towards my neck chained to his hand. (Alexis)"Now it's official theirs just one rule no killing and challenging is allowed. 

