The castle has always been my cage though sometimes I'm able to walk outside at night often I would listen to story's from some of the guard's. One night I left my room for a walk when I heard one of the guards speak about a king that was advancing his army... I wish he'd attack here... But if he did... I sighed and headed back to my room... I looked around before flying into my window. One of the Knight's was their waiting. "How long are you going to keep sneaking out?" I chuckled nervously. "You know I hate being cooped up in this castle..." "Well you better stop you're highness I won't be here to bail you out if you get caught." "Are you leaving already?" He walked over and patted my head. "Yes I'm leaving at first light. So be good until my return." I nodded. "I'm sorry I wish I could take you with me and free you." I shook my head. Of course I want to but not if it causes the only person who talks to me trouble. "Get some sleep." I nodded as I slipped into bed and yawned. I closed my eye's when he left I barried my face in my pillow... I tossed and turned when I awoke to a strange feeling... I got out of bed and slowly opened my door.. The guards where no where in sight. I walked to my sister's room even though where not blood related she still treats me like her own sister. Mary was still asleep I walked towards her than got in bed next to her and cuddled close. (Mary)" Can't sleep?" I nodded... "Can I tell you something my little fire breather?" I looked at her and nodded. Sis named me that hehe its a little nickname. "Do you want to leave this place?" "I do but not without you or my other sisters..." She smiled. "What if I told you we could." "What do you mean?" "Do you remember I told you I found someone that I fell in love with?" I nodded. "Well He's comeing... with an army." "Are you talking about that army? The one that comes during the night without warning?" She nodded. "Don't say anything but he's not human...Well he's a vampire." My eye's widened. "Have you met him?" "He's supose to meet me tomorrow night... I made a deal. But It's strange even without meeting him I feel that I love him." "If that's what you want than I'll help." She smiled. We both went to sleep. The next day I went back to my room all I could think about was what sis told me. Than I saw a letter on my bed... I opened it up and read it... It was from the knight... He knew...He was the one who set it up. Go figure... I read the rest. The king fell in love with Mary while back, once I told him what was going on he vowed to save her in return to save her siblings as well. I know you want to leave these walls as much as you're sister's. Tonight he will come will need you're help keep you're sister's safe till than. Only a phew knows of this so you must keep it secret... You're magic is the best in the kingdom place an illusion to hide your sister's until tonight have everyone think everything's still like it is. Be carful your still a princess. Hehe that's easy. First thing's first I'll put my sister's asleep and than cast the illusion spell. I started chanting. My sisters fell into a deep sleep of coarse they where having good dreams than I cast an illusion spell on the entire kingdom... I made sure of who went where. I kept it up all day...once in awhile I would eat a little bit still maintaining my magic... When it was time I still kept the illusion till everyone was asleep except the guard's. Than I heard the knight Rose... You can drop the illusion now. My eye's went back to normal as I looked up. "You did good... Come on let's get your sister's." I nodded when we walked into the corridors a man in black armor carried Mary. He was tall well build his skin was pale and his eye's where crimson red, his hair was long and black as night."Rose you can rest now." "But if I do the spell will be undone..." I looked at Mary than I caught the Kings gaze all of a sudden I felt tired. The knight caught me as I drifted off to sleep. (Vampire king)"Is that everyone?" Figure's appeared from the Shadow's holding the sister's. They nodded. They headed off into the night. When I awoke I saw fire I sat up and looked around my sister's where laughing and eating. Mary came to me. (Mary)"Your awake? Good you must be starving after all that work." She handed me a leaf with cooked fish. As I ate I heard some Knight's and other's talking... "We'll have to find a place to sleep..." "Our Knight's can safly move them in the day than you can catch up at night." One sighed. "That won't work..." The head knight looked at mary... Something was off... (Knight)"Where's rose?" Mary shrugged while trying not to smile. He rubbed his temples. "She should be resting..." I flew on top of his head in my small dragon form.(Rose)"I was but you guy's where talking to much... Besides I wanted to stretch my wing's. " "So what did you see?" I chuckled. "I found some kind of temple in this forest it looks abandoned... I can place a barrier so the sun won't come through. It's a long distance though..." (King)"Where?" I was shocked that I fell off of the Knight's head... But someone caught me. (King)"Sorry." The king lifted me up. His eye's softened for a moment. I shook my head. (Rose)"It's up a ways if you fallow the river than go passed some waterfall." "Can you show me?" I nodded and flew up high. The king was right next to me. I heard mary say be careful. I nodded and we headed off.I showed him where I saw the temple but he couldn't see it... "Where is it?" "It's hidden behind an illuson." I landed on his shoulders and let him see what I saw. "Did you create this?" I nodded and smiled. "Illusions one of my spieclty's." "This is a perfect place to set up camp." He headed back to tell the other's I hopped off his shoulder and curled up in one of my sister's lap. When everyone was ready I grew bigger so that my sister's could ride on me. I was a tad bigger than a horse. The knight's and other's fallowed. I ran all the way their...Once we arrived I let everyone down than collapsed turning back to human I was fast asleep. Mary covered me up and the Knight carried me inside. "The barriers still holding." (King)" Barrior?" One of the knights nodded. "It's part of her Illusion she can sleep and it wont bring it down." (Knight)" She can do Illusions that arent stationarey witch she can sleep through but ones like today she has to stay awake for...I wish we didn't need her power's but..." Mary smiled and shook her head. (Mary)" You know she would do anything even if you hadn't asked..." (King)" Mind if I ask? Who is she?" "She's A dragon princess sadly bound by us human's our father took her in...but when they died they bound her to the castle...Not physicly but she would never leave us...They used that agaisnt her." Mary looked sad as she rubbed my hair. (King)" Everyone should get some rest morning is almost upon us. Take turns guarding." Everyone picked a spot and laid down while two knights stood guard. I tossed and turned mumbling in my sleep I was dreaming of steaks and meat. I stood up but I was still asleep I walked passed the head knight he tried calling my name but he saw that look in my face I was out of it. One of the king's fallower's followed me. I walked around like I was looking for something. I stopped and crouched down in a clearing their was a deer eating berry's I started to drool. I waited than pounced holding the deer on my jaws. The vampire was a little impressed he just stood back and watched when my ears perked up while I was eating a larger animal showed up... Hey thats a big beast... I backed up snarling but than two little beasts fallowed behind the big one. I dropped the deer and backed up. The mom and little ones slowly came up to the deer and eyed me but I just walked away. I sighed. Now that I'm awake I'm still hungery... than a man jumped out of no where holding a rabbit. "Here It's not much..." When he looked at me my eye's lit up I was smiling and drooling. He handed it to me. (Rose)" Thank you." I dug in the meat was yummy if a bit tuff but meats meat. after I finished I left the remains for another animal than searched for a place to wash up...but all I could smell was breakfast...than I remembered the river was nearby. The man stayed with me the whole time wich I didn't mind. We came up to the falls. I ran up to it looking around I washed my face and claws. "Um would it be okay if I bathed?" The man nodded and kept his eye's on the suroundings. The king showed up next to the man. He bowed. (king)" Good work brother." He smiled. "Should you be here?" The king laughed. (king)" I can rest later. Are you worried about her?" I was swimming around my hair was white as snow my eye's where red like gems my scales shined through the water. "Hey what's so funny?" (king)"Just talking! Hows the water?" I shrugged. "Cold but feels great!" All of a sudden I felt something tug on my leg but nothing was their... I squeeled... then it squeezed pulling me under. "Hey whats wrong!?" I gasped for air. "I don't know but something's got my leg..." Good thing I can hold my breath for a long time... When I went under I looked to see what had my leg... I didn't like what I saw... A spirit...The two men jumped in one grabbed my arm as the other grabbed my waist. they could budge I pointed down and let them see what I saw. The king went down to sever what was grabbing me while his brother brought me to the surface. We got out of the water in a hurry... I panted as I laid on my back I looked up... "This is not good... We got to wake everyone and get out of this forest!" "Get on my back It'll be faster." I nodded and hopped onto his back. We ran back to camp... The king told the knight to wake everyone up. He did. "Whats going on?" (King)" This forest has spirits..." "How is this place safe?" "My barriors still holding...But It wont for long...When night falls anyways. I can carry everyone on my back the rest can keep up under my barror I can protect you from the sun. But we should leave now." Everyone packed up I grew to a huge dragon everyone was able to get on including the vampire's they where light...I shrunk the barrior to protect everyone I even grabbed the horses I flew out of the temple...At first some of the vampires kinda braced themselves but I chuckled. (Hold on tight!) The barrior fluxes...I flew the whole and glided on the wind when it picked up. Almost out of the danger zone...I could see the edge of the forest. (How are you holding up Rose?) (I'm okay hehe I can keep going.) (Okay but don't push yourself once it hits night time take a break alright?) I nodded. We broke out of the tree's and headed onwards. phew that was tuff... Mary rubbed my scales. "Good job my little fire breather." I purred.The sun started to go down after hours of flying. (King)"Rose take us down."I nodded and descended. I gently let the horses down than everyone else.My sister's got on the horses with the knight's as I turned back I was esxousted...The king's brother wrapped me up in a cloak and carried me. I slept soundly the whole way. The man noticed two small horns pokeing out. I woke up when ever they stopped to rest and eat, The king's brother would hunt for me since I was still tireds. I heard them talking about traveling... I yawned and changed into a small dragon to spread my wing's.  I roared and sore high into the clouds, The king's brother would fallow closely. I had them all in a barrior. "You sure love to fly." "Ya I really do." I landed on his shoulder. "I do but I love the night better...maybe I'll show you why hehe. I'm ready to rejoin the other's... Thanks." He looked at me and smiled but only for a split second than he went back down. "Imma go on ahead..." I took off. Mary picked me up when I was far away... (Mary)"Why must you be alone?" "You know why...night is near..." " Come on no one will say anything... please." I sighed... I jumped down I told her to put some distance. My body started to grow as the shadow's enveloped my body. I walked back with Mary my body was like a dragon shaped shadow with red eye's the horses was spooked I lowered my head. (I knew this was a bad idea...) "Beautiful." I lifted my head as my heart skipped a beat. I got low to the ground for my sister's to get on and the Knight's also got on. I hover to pick up the horses. I was able to keep up with the Vampire's speed. (Is this what you wanted to show me?) (No ... But it's one of the things. How much longer?) (Not to long where almost their.) A spear ripped through from underneath I let out a roar and fell from the skies... I threw everyone off but protecting them in a barrior as I crashed into the ground hard... (Mary)" Rose!" ( Take the horses and run!) I flew off towards where the spear came from. I got far from them as possable when chains of light clasped around bringing me to the ground. I changed back into humans the chains where still their but I blacked out. A man in gold and white armor picked me up. he teleported back below the castle and chained me to some pillars... It felt like day's have passed by... I heard voices... The man in gold and white armored showed up with other's. "Where to take her to the holy capital for further punishment since her Master's no longer here." They took me down and put me in a caged wagon... I can't feel anything since that night... My pact was broken..."I bet she died." "Ya now this dragon's without a master..." "I hear the royal guards want her..." I went into a Rage breaking my chains my body grew huge I let out a roar... After burning the castle I flew towards the forest... "Is the death of your Master that painful?" I folded my wings over my head. "What does a spirit know? That's what your thinking am I right? Hey if your not to keen on going on can I have your soul?" I shrugged him off. (Mary)"Don't you dare touch my sister!" "Sorry my king she went ahead..." I snarled. (Mary)"Rose don't you reckignize me?" I roared releasing flames, the king resqued Mary. (King)"You should really be more careful..." (Mary)" But Rose something's wrong..." (Spirit)" Man you must really not know about dragon's. Ha ha that's funny." Mary glared. "Hey don't blame me for the dragon's bad mood infact they lose themselves once their packed is broken...I'm surprise she stayed sane this whole time." "It's my fualt?" "And those Dragon paladins really messed her up." "That's pathitic..." (Mary)" Sebastian! What are you saying?" The king stopped Mary. "Let him handle it."  (Sebastian)" Rose I don't know what happened when you saved us but that's no reason to attack your sister!" I breather fire once more fallowed with a beastly roar. Sebastian could hear crying but it was inside his head. "Sire can you distract her real quick?" He nodded. Sebastian entered my mind while the king kept the dragon side accupied. He walked through my mind it was like an inferno of darkness... "Rose!" He saw a child crying in the middle. "Rose?" I sniffled. "Yes I'm Rose... Who are you?" "My Name's Sebastian. Why are you crying all alone?" I stood up wiping my tear's... "My Master died...and I'm all alone now." "Who's your Master?" "My sister Mary... I made a promise when her dad died. He use to be my master but sis said she would take her dad's role...but now." I cried. "Your sister's still alive." I looked at him. "She is? Than why did our pack broke? Their's only two ways and sis would never break it... So she would have to die..." "Oh well his sire did turn her and she did die but came back as one of us..." "So she's okay?" He nodded. I smiled. "I'm glad..." "So will you stop attacking?" "I can't... Without a Master I can't..." "Can't you make a new pack?" I shook my head. "Not with sister it was broken. once broken even if it wasnt intentaniol it can't be remade..." "What if you made a pack with one of us?" I nodded. He held me into his arm's. I blushed. "I don't know if I would be good enough but would you make it with me?" I thought about it and smiled nodding. "Than I would like to make a pack with you. Do you accept?" "Yes. What will you trade?" "My blood and a promise. I promise to protect you and be with you for enternity." "I accept in return I Also make a promise I will protect my new Master and everything he holds dear for enternity." "I accept." "The pack has been made complete... By my power's may we bond forever more..."  I changed back to human form as a magic circle surround both me and Sebastian. My horns and tail and wing's still showed and my scales where blend of black and red. Mary hugged me tight. (Mary)" I'm sorry...I'm so sorry..." I hugged her back. Than she noticed a new mark. "You made a new pack?" I nodded. (Sebastian)" Well that went well." (King)" So what happened?" "I made a pack with Rose...Forgive me brother it was the only way to save her and us." (King)" As long as you own up to it that's all I could ask. Now shay'll we head home Your sister's are all worried." I nodded but my body was still really weak... Sebastian cuaght me and picked me up. The king also picked up Mary she to was still weak from turning and we headed back to his kingdom where everyone waited. 
