This battle never ends... "Haha well what did you expect? Besides this is just practice. We won't become knights so easy. Why did you join?" I helped him up. "I joined so my brother wouldn't have to... Why did you join Alexis?" "Didn't you know? The dragon princess was asked to help train the Knight's." I glared at Mike. (Alexis)"Don't call me that geeze... And they didn't ask... I had no choice..." "Hey stop chatting and get back to practice!" "Yes sir!" We went back to practice... After hour's of practice we all cooled off the rain that just started coming down. "Hey do you thik we'll win this war?" I looked at him. (Alexis)"Unlikely unless they change their strategy... The opposing king has a master strategists and the well trained black Knight's... But let me warn you don't ask anyone else on the matter got it?"He nodded. I went to lay down under a tree on our break. I had dream when I was little my father and I lived in a small hut on a farm one day they imprisoned him for being a traitor until this day he's still locked up... I opened my eye's and sighed. Remembering the past... My father is the best even if he was with the other kingdom... "Alexis!" (Alexis)"What?" "Hurry you're being summoned to the capital!" "Understood." After riding two day's to the capital we've arrived... I went straight to the king and got new order's. (King)"Alexis you are hearby stationed to the forefront of the stronghold baheamoth!" But that's the front line's... I see... (Alexis)"Yes my Lord. May I see I say goodbye to my father before I leave?" "You brat how dare." (King)"Enough! You may spend you're last day here with him. Dismissed." I bowed and left... I headed towards the prison where father was being held. The guards where knew... Actually... Never mind. (Alexis)"I've come to see my father." They let me through. "Alexis? Is that you?" I replied. (Alexis)"Yes." "What are you doing here?" (Alexis)"I came to see you one last time..." His eye's where sad. Father is a strong man who didn't let anything get to to him...well almost nothing. "Their sending me to the front line's... I suppose it was only a matter of time." I smiled. "As long as I do what they tell me you'll be fine..." "Alexis listen to me! Do you trust me?" I nodded. "Of coarse I will always trust you." "Listen well. Theirs a man their a friend tell him you're daughter he'll help you alright?" "Yes dad..." "I know you're strong and skilled use that to survive promise me." "I promise." "Time to depart." "Right. Good bye father." I kissed his hand and left. "General are you sure about this? Their sending your daughter to her death!" "That maybe their enttention but she's stronger and smarter than them and I'm sure she already knows that. She had that look in her eye's...its the same as his when they know they'll win. Besides she left me a gift." "Alexis!" Out of no where came kate hugging me along with the other Knight's in training. (Alexis)"What are you doing here?" "Didn't they tell you? where in your squad. (Alexis)"No they didn't... Well you are the best but you do know where we are heading right?" They nodded. "We know... And we also know dangerous it is but we go where you go!" "Right right now get on the ship or they'll leave without us." "Yes!" Everyone boarded.

(Alexis)"Keep up your form! A little wave shouldn't knock you off balance!" "Hey isn't that you know who?" "Ya I heard she's strict..." "Shh keep it down." (Alexis)"Come on keep it up! What would you do if your body's gave out?" "We would be dead!" "Right. Now keep swinging that sword. Kate stay focus on your spell's remember your comrads are trusting you for support!" "Yes!" "Mike your aim is all over the place!" "I can't help it this ship is unsteady..." I sighed holding out my hand to the side I chanted a spell and fired a blast dispersing the wave's. Everyone was shocked except my team. (Mike)"Show off..." I shrugged. "What do you say guy's can't let our captain out class us!?" "Right!" I chuckled. That got them motivated. A couple day's passed and we finally arrived at the pass near the fortress... When we got their. I greeted the general of the fortress. (Alexis)"Sir Alexis captain of the dragon platoon! Where here by the order of the king!" "Vary well take your team to the east tower unfortunately you'll be sharing a room." "Understood!" "Good we'll assign your posts tomorrow. Dismissed." "Yes sir." I walked out of his office and informed my team. than we head to our quarter. "Looks like someone's already asleep Captain." (Alexis)" Right... Well pick a bed and just because where not asigned yet doesn't mean you can skip out on training... What's with those faces?" "Can you keep it down? I'm trying to sleep..." A man sat up from bed his hair was short and black. "Do you always sleep with your sword?" He grind. "Can never be to careful around here... What's your name?" "Alexis...And what's yours?" "Aric. The name's Aric." "Looks like will be sharing this room." The man was already back to sleep. "Right let's go have a look around."  We walked out and looked around for a bit...Everyone was whispering. "Alright let's do some training." "Aww Captain..." "No but's you can take a break later."  The man came out of the room and saw us training he also noticed everyone glaring and whispering... He went to one of the knight's. (Aric)" What are you all talking about?" "Aric!" "Didn't you know that girl is the duaghter of that traitor...And yet they let her command..." "You don't say?" He walked over to me. "Can I join your practice?" I smiled. "Sure but you better be ready! Alright guy's keep it up no stopping till you get that form right. The enemy won't wait for you!"An hour passed. "Already break time." They all fell to the ground panting exept Aric. (Aric)" Hey Alexis up for a sparr?" "Sure." Everyone cleared the area Mike handed me a sword. We took our stance and waited... Than Aric dashed towards me I blocked than we clashed swords when we got close he whispered something into my ear. "You really are his duaghter." "You know my father?" He placed some distance than went after me again our movements where unreal to everyone. (Mike)"That's our princess for you." "Shh Mike she'll hear you." He shrugged. We clashed for awhile but my body started to feel slow he cuaght me off guard...He won but he held out his hand. "Good fight." "Thanks you to." I grabbed his hand and stood up he helped back to our room and sat me on the bed. Mike closed the door. "Are you alright Alexis?" "Ya I'm fine just tired..." Kate Checked on me. (Kate)"You been pushing yourself to hard again...You should take it easy." (Alexis)"Right...Aric did you know my dad?" He looked around. "Don't worry you can trust them." "Ya I know your dad. Same brutal training like his." I breathed slowly. "My dad said I'd be able to find a friend here." "He's right their." "Guy's I know you have your family's to think about so I'll ask you one more time are you sure you want to stick with me? It's not going to be easy and your lives we'll be in danger..." "What are you saying your our dragon princess we already chose to stay with you." They all agreed. (Aric)" I can train your team while you rest." I nodded as I laid back to close my eye's. They left the room. (Aric)" Your captain's something else." "Ya she's amazing even if her trainings tuff..." (Aric)"I won't go easy ether." They agreed and started back to training. "Alexis" I opened my eye's and yawned. "Yes?" "I know I shouldn't bother you but you have order's to take your team and scout the area Aric will also be joining you." I nodded. "Understood thank you." He left While I got ready, I went to check on my team and they where already to go. "Let's head out team!" "Yes." We headed out of the back gates. When we where far away from the fortress I talked with my team and Aric. "What do you think?" (Aric)"It's clear their up to something...The quiestion is what?" "Umm guy's what's that?" We looked it was a small army though it wasn't the black knight's. (Alexis)"So that's their game. They probably figure we'd run into them and have no choice but to fight..." "But we'd be wiped out with that many..." "Normally yes but not with me." I told them my plan. "Got it?" They nodded. Aric and I waited for the army to arrive while everyone else got into position. The general in front halted his solder's. "You their! State you busness!" (Alexis)"Well you see where here to stop your army from advancing." They looked and only saw two of us they laughed. "With only two?" I smiled and nodded. "Men move forward and crush them along the way!" I shrugged as they got closer the ground collapsed from underneath them. "What's going on!?" Mike and Kate picked off some of the troops while Arice and I charged in swiftly. Than the General was the only one left. "Who are you?" "The name's Alexis." "Alexis huh... Than let me tell you something... Where not the only ones here..." I took my sword out of him and swung the blood off my sword. His eye's darkened than he was gone. "Let's get ready for another round...The same trick won't work on the second group. Regroup everyone." We hid behind the hills awaited When I could see flags I took a look... "Those arent from the forces from before..." I walked out and waited. my sword was ready. The army walked through mess we made. The leader halted his knights. "Alexis?" A man on the left riding a black horse came forward. (Alexis)" Uncle?" (Uncle)" Haha I should of known this was your handy work! Why don't your team come out as well." I nodded  and told them to come out. (Uncle)"Tell me why are you out here?" I looked down. "I was ordered to...And they sent my team to come along with me... We have to defend this line." (Uncle)" I understand..." The leader stopped my uncle. "I'll take you on I'f you win We'll turn around." "If you win?" He got off his horse. "You'll have to see. I nodded. I dropped my sword than chanted as two knew swords appeared and armor. (Aric)" I'v never seen that before..." (Mike)"This is why they call her the dragon princess.  That and look at the ground." Everything was scorched. (Uncle)"Hmm something's off..." I dashed towards the man in black armor we clashed a phew times. This went on for awhile but my body was slowing down. "How disapointing." He knocked me back I slammed into the ground coughing I got back up. (Kate)" Please stop!" Mike held Kate as she pleaded. "If you keep pushing your body. (Alexis)" Don't say it..." She shook her head. "Alexis been poisend!" I sighed. (Mike)"Is that true?" She nodded. (Kate)" When I checked her I noticed right away... but she told me not to say anything..." (Alexis)" I can still fight." I dashed towards the man once more but he dodged and hit my head with the the end of his sword knocking me down. I couldn't move... "Looks like I win." (Alexis)" Do anything to me but spare them please..." He got back onto his horse. "Join me and help me rescue your father." "But my team?" "Where staying with you captain." I coughed. "Are you idiots?" They laughed. My uncle came up to me. "Uncle?" He wrapped his arm's around me. "I'm sorry I couldn't be their for you. Now rest and leave everything to us alright." I nodded and closed my eye's. "Get her some anti poisen potion. One of his knight's came up and held a bottle as uncle held my head up. The other man got off his horse and picked me up as he waved to my uncle and the man with the potion to cover to the other side of the hill side. He took off his helmit and took the bottle drinking it but not swallowing he held my head up and forced the potion into my mouth the liquid went down my mouth.I swallowed. "This stay's between us." "Yes Sire...Thank you." (Shadow king)"Let's go." The king put on his helmit and returned uncle carried me. for a brief moment I whispered something into uncle's ear. He grind and told the king. They marched towards the fortress Kate showed them marker's. My team took me and headed in while the army waited for an opertunity. (Guard)"What happened?" (Mike)"Our Captain over did it with training." "Well tell her she should be more careful." "will do." They took me to the room and laid me down. "How is she?" (Kate)"She's sleeping soundly, she should be ready by tonight. The moment we stepped in the fortress her spell was already placed..." "She did more than that." "Sebastian how did you...?" (Sebastian)"They didn't notice me.I was told to go with you so I did." (Alexis)" Your so loud..." "Captain.?" "I'll explain later. Sebastian?" (Sebastian)" Yes?"  "Your their mage? He nodded. "Come here. He came to the edge of the bed. My eye's slit and I chanted a phew words, than I took his hand and kissed it, A mark appeared. "That'll keep anyone from seeing you my spell will activate when your ready just kiss the mark when your set." "But Captain even if he's ready what about you? You still need rest." I laughed. "Just fallow them alright...Remember what I always say?" They nodded. "Good now i'm just going to rest now..." "And she's out like a light." This charm is more than just a camofluag. (Of coarse it is now you can see me and the other's that are around...Us dragon's can hide ourselves but the princess can always see us. each enchantment is defferent theirs protection and teleportation or even sight but if you combine them...) So what is it she want? (Easy your the trigger to her spell since she's to weak to trigger it herself ... ) That's it? (Of coarse not its also a pact once you kiss it it's forged...Normaly one can only do it once but the princess can make many contracts infact she already gave her father one though he hasn't complete it yet.) Sebastian stepped outside the room he looked up towards the sky and what he saw wasn't the sky but what was swirling around the fortress. Dragon's thousands of them circling in the skies. Meanwhile back with Uncle and the kings army waiting Uncle was talking to the king. (Shadow king)" So that's what she ment?" Uncle nodded. "How does it work?" (Uncle)" See this mark?" The king nodded. "Well she'll give you this mark as a pact than you kiss it to complete it. Same as any dragon pact... But she can form endless pacts. But that's only part of it. Though she can form many pact their's one that's rare and only one can bare... The king's pact the one who bare's this mark becomes the king of dragon's." "So what happenes when the pact is complete?" "Than that person is granted her power's though the dragon's swirling arounf the fortress is amazing!" "Dragon's?" "Oh right you can't see them yet once the trigger is pulled you'll see them luckily she sent protection for everyone... (Of coarse she did the princess would never go back on her word) "Ah Darco your here" (Yup the princess is sound asleep... Those awful humans...) "Now now I know your upset but. (I'm more than upset they tried to kill our princess) "Draco why don't you show yourself so his sire can see you?" (Fine) Draco appeared on uncles shoulder. (I'm Draco Sire I was sent to protect you and your men.If the princess wasn't so weak from those humans she could of just had the fortress by now...) Uncle looked at Draco. (Sorry...The spell is ready by sun down.) "It's getting close. Sire where ready to go." (Shadow king)" Everyone get ready to move out." "Yes sire!" Everyone got ready on both ends. The sun was setting. (Sebastian the spells ready to go!) (Sebastian)" Yes I can feel it." Sebastian raised his hand to the sky looking at the mark he than lowered it slowly and kissed it. He felt it pulse. My eye's opened the magic circle surrounded the fortress and signaled the dragon's above. I walked out of the room my hair grew long and my body was human and dragon I walked up to Sebastian he couldn't help but kneel when the king arrived he saw what was happening. Sebastian kissed my hand. "The pact is complete time to fullfill our promise!" The dragon's rained down on the fortress while the kings men also raided the fortress. The king was spell bound looking at me. "Sebastian I grant you my power's of magic as well as armor and this spell book." He nodded. I turned and looked at the king who was gazing at me. "You made it! Though I knew you would. Tell me what do you plan once you conqure the kingdom?" (Shadow king)" That kingdom is just the begining I also intend in freeing your father." I giggled. "Their's no need to free him since he's the second trigger though not till we reach their. I lost to you my Lord I ask only to satisfy myself... They did something that can't be undone and for that well let's just say it won't be pretty after that I am yours." (Uncle)" Are you sure?" "Yes I should of done so sooner but I didn't want to lose my fatherso I waited and bid my time and in that time I made comrads..." (Uncle)" Alexis look out!" A barrior was cast as the general of the fortress attacked me. "Sebastian?" (Sebastian)"You should really pay attention." "I was." I pointed behind me. A large dragon appeared. (uncle)"But that's..." "Yes. Sire what shay'll I do with the generel?" (King)" Doesn't matter how he dies." "Fangs you heard him eat up." He roared a slashed through the air ingulfing the general whole. "Take over complete..." I collapsed and turned back to normal the dragon's aslo vanished. (Kate)"Captain!" (Uncle)" Don't worry she's just sleeping. Making a pact and summoning dragon's wore her out." (Sebastian)"Sire what should we do?" (Shadow King)"We should rest here! It also seem's your grandduaghter already made her move. She said something about a second trigger. Could she mean the second pact?" (Uncle)"If she did place one on her father that mean's he's waiting to activate it." (King)" Sebastian a word." "Yes my Lord." THey went off to the generels office to talk. "What do you think?" "About the girl?" He nodded. "I think she already knew that something was going to happen...no that's not right more like she planned on it." "She does remind me of you sire evan Aric said so. In order to protect her team and her father she placed herself a target... This mark give's information on almost everything including her thought's..." (King)"Meaning we musn't lose her." Morning came. When I woke up I heard everyone training or relaxing. I got up and walked out of the room. (Aric)"Hey Alexis the king wants to see you!" I yawned and nodded. "He's in the main office." I walked towards the office before I entered I heard a couple of men talking... I entered. (Uncle)"Granddaughter what are you doing here?" (King) "I called her here." Everyone went silent. "Alexis." (Alexis)"Yes?" (King)"We need to get to the capital how ever getting to the port and crossing the ocean won't be easy... You said you already made a second trigger. What did you have planned of getting back?" "Oh that? Ya theirs two ways to cross the ocean I was going to fly across... But taking a ship is my better option. Now what you really wanted to know was how to get your army's across right?" He nodded. "All you have to do is teleport them Sebastian has my magic so he could teleport everyone to me... I can take a phew with me on a ship back..." (Sebastian) "You can cast an illusion on who ever goes with you." I nodded. (King)"I already chose who would go. Myself and two of my generals the rest should stay here and prepare. Is that exceptable?" I nodded. "On one condition uncle comes with." The king agreed. "Everyone can you leave us?" They bowed and left. My uncle closed the door. I felt faint the king held me up. "Forgive me..." "You pushed yourself... Tell me if you can do so much why haven't you freed your father?" I chuckled. "My Lord you catch on quick... It's true I probably could... But as you could tell I can't use my full powers... Though I was able to use some when the pact was made... The more pacts I make the stronger I am thus the more power I am able to freely use. The first pact I made I relized this... The rules are different... I've only been able to figure out some." "So you planned according to your abilities?" "Yes." "Tell me would you be willing to test how far you can go?" "You mean to test my power's? Sure I always am..." "Than will you put your life on the line?" "I see... Now I understand. Yes I will place my life on the line." "Than will you be mine?" Huh? He leaned in and whispered into my ear. Geeze what did he mean by that? Where finally coming father... "Captain Alexis!" "Yes?" "I know your returning but could you sparr with us?" I nodded. I took out a sqord and took a stance so did the others. "Hey is it alright?" (Uncle) "She'll be fine watch." One attacked I blocked than the other's attacked I swiftly dodged. "Numbers is good but it won't do you any good if you can't work together!" "Yes!" With one swift movement I knocked them all down. I helped them up. "Keep up the training." "Yes captain!" "I'm tired I'll retire early..." I walked to my room in the ship. I was deep in thought that I didn't notice the man in my room when I closed the door I heard his steps I turned around but was to late he stabbed me with a dagger and left...I called out to my uncle... As I laid on the floor in my own blood my mind was thinking back on my past. (Uncle)"Alexis!" Uncle... The door swung opened  uncle and the other's came in. (Alexis) "Sorry I was a bit careless..." (Uncle)"Don't worry just take my energy." I nodded and kissed his mark energy flowed into me my wound started to heal. The blood vanished. (King)"What happened?" "A man was in my room... I didn't notice he was here..." After I got up the king took my hand and headed to his room. "Hey! Stop..." He closed the door. "What's you're problem?" "Your staying here till we land... You said you couldn't tell more like your mind was on something else what was it?" I blushed but I got angry. "None of your..." He pinned me to his bed. "Get off me!" I struggled but it was no use. "Tell me?" "Geeze it's your fault!" I looked away embarrassed. He laughed. He sat up. "I ment it. Plus someone's after your life so it's safe to assume anyone's after you're life... So stay here alright?" I nodded. (Alexis) "Your right and I can't keep feeding from uncle..." "How did you?" "I can feed from anyone marked of coarse their energy comes back over time but it's like taking part of them inside me." "So you could of healed the poison?" "Not at the time no well I could of but than that would of revealed myself to you plus I don't want to use my family that way..." "So you'd risk your life for them?" I nodded. "Why did you choose to use your uncle now?" "Cuase he hit a vital spot... That and to show that I can..." "Your an interesting girl and terrible at lieing." "I just can't fool you can I?" "No. I already can read you like an open book." (Alexis)"How?" "Your harsh on your team but only for their survival your able to strategies depending on your enemy's and the condition around you. Your also skilled in both magic and close combat. But you like purpose. Except keeping your father safe but what about after?" "You really can read me... Do you know of the dragon kingdom?" "I do though the history has been lost." I shook my head. "It's not lost just sealed when father found me I had marking's all over my body though at the time he didn't know what they ment... Until I formed a pact with my uncle some became clear my uncle left after that. I think the kingdom still exists. I know it's crazy but..." "Why would you tell me this?" I looked at him. "My father trusts you and my uncle... Plus something is telling me to. Besides your a terrifying man your majesty." I grind and rolled over. Uncle knocked. (King)"Come in." Uncle came in along with the two others. (Uncle)"Sire should we take out everybody on board?" (King)"No not yet. I want Damian here to guard this room while the rest looks for the man who tried to kill Alexis." They agreed. The king left with uncle and the other. Damian stood guarding. (Princess are you sure about this? You could take care of that human if you changed...) True but I need to save that for the real battle plus... This seal is keeping me from doing so. (If only you had your memory's...)Soon I promise plus I am great at planning ahead. Damian came. "Damian...?" "Shh." Some men ran passed. "Seems we been found out..." I sighed I stood up and took off my clothes. I started to change to a dragon my scale's where black and red. "Get on!" He got on and I dashed out of the room towards all the noise. When we got outside everyone was surrounded I roared I leaped into the middle and started to get bigger uncle got on along with the king and other general. I roared once more than ocean another roar came. Sea dragon's appeared ramming into the ship knocking them off balance. I took off.... "Sire what should we do now?" (King)"Head for the capital." (Alexis)"Than hang on I'm going to speed up."  
