Alucard? "Yes you'll be working with the hellsing foundation from now on. I know you're from pure blood but do try to get along. From now on you'll be taking orders from them understood Alexis?" (Alexis)"Yes." "Leave at once!" I hopped off the couch and headed out. I slept on a ship... Hours later I arrived at the new hellsing head quarters. Hmm no guards? Interesting a familiar guardian. I knocked. "Yes?" (Alexis)"Sir intengra I've come as ordered by my handler in America. May I come in?" "Come in."The doors opened next to Lady intengra was the famous daughter of Alucard. (Sera)"You're but a child..." I smiled. (Alucard)"Careful a true vampire can change forms at will I'm sure she's older than all of you." I bowed. (Alexis)"I heard you where asleep for a long time." "Enough!" "Forgive me." "Who are you?" (Alexis)"Alexis princess of the night at your service." (Sera)"Princess?" I nodded. (Alexis)"Unlike you and your master I was born a vampire but I serve the humans how else can a vampire survive in this day and age?" (Intengra)"We welcome you're help however I don't trust monsters." (Alexis)"I suppose not I guess it can't be helped than fenris let's go we got a long trip back." I turned and headed out the door. (Fenris)"You seem disappointed master." "Am not..." "Your a terrible liar." (Sera)"Wait! Hold on..." I turned around Sera was running to me.(sera)"Are you really leaving?" "Yes since I am not wanted here." I closed in to Sera and sniffed her neck. "She's off limits princess." (Sera)"Master?" (Alexis)"Sorry couldn't help myself you see I don't feed from humans like they must be your life line vampires are mine." (Sera)"You mean you feed on your own kind?" I smiled. "I must be going." I bowed and left. Good going Alexis...It's a shame.... I looked around I have no idea where I am...and surrounded apparently... "Well what do we have here? A girl..." They cracked there knuckles and grind. (Alexis)"Really is that all you vampires have? You smell like..." "Why you!" They charged like wild dogs one was shot from behind and turned to ash. (Alexis)"Alucard heh should of known..." (Alucard)"You shouldn't waste these pigs blood Sera keep them busy but don't kill them just yet." "Yes master." He kneeled in front of me. Why? Why else to see what you're made of. I chuckled. My fangs grew with hunger. "Master one got through!" I bit his neck drinking his blood was like honey the vampires stopped in fear before them was a woman with long white hair silver eyes. "Master who's that?" "Mm it's been ages since I've tasted sweet blood. Oh right this form I don't often use it but it comes in handy." "What are you?" I chuckled? "Is that fear I hear? Well if you must Alucard is considered the vampire King so what would you call one that's the opposite?" They charged at me. "Your no fun..." In one swift move they all parished. I licked my lips as I walked passed Sera. "The last blood I had was my lover before his death..." I returned as a child. (Alexis)"So there's nothing to worry about..." I smiled. (Alucard)"My master wants you to return to the mansion." I bowed. "You first I kinda got lost..."
