Our uncle was taking us out to his cabin. My cousins where listening to music. (Uncle)"What's up Rose didn't get enough sleep?" I yawned. (Rose)"I had another strange dream." (Uncle)"Running through the forest again?" I nodded. (Rose)"It's amazing but it keeps wearing me out more than gym class..." My uncle laughed. (Uncle)"Are you excited for your first turn? Or scared?" (Rose)"Both. I'm really excited but I'm scared that I'll mess up..." (Uncle)"Don't worry we'll be their with you and it'll be the twins first time as well. Your aunt wish's you luck to she wished she could be here but the baby's keeping her busy." I giggled. "You'll be fine cuz." (Rose)"Thanks." I'm also nervuse about meeting my father for the first time... I sighed. "Want to switch you can take a nap back here." I nodded so we switched we where use to taking turns. I watched the tree's pass by I couldn't keep my eye's open any longer. "And she's out like a light." (Uncle)"Let her sleep, we'll be their by noon." Hours went by when I woken we pulled off to a side road their was a sign saying No trespassing. I yawned. After driving awhile I could see our cabin up ahead. Uncle parked the car and got out while the twins rushed out of the car to go play Jake and I grabbed our bags from the trunk. I looked up and Uncle was talking to someone. (Rose)"Who's that?" (Jake)"That's Aric another Alpha and your dads best friend and next to him I think his name is Lowell." We got to the porch. (Uncle)"Rose you'll be sharing a room with the twins I hope you don't mind." (Rose)"I don't mind infact thats perfect." The twins got excited and jumped me. (Rose)" Wait I got stuff in my hands..." We started to fall I felt a hand on my back I opened my eyes. "You really are like your mother." (Jake)"Uncle Fenris good catch." (Uncle)"Alright you too go get your bags." (Twins)"Okay." Aric helped me up. (Rose)"Thanks." (Fenris)"Are you alright? You seem pretty out of it." I nodded." (Jake)"Rose hasn't been getting sleep much." My stomac also growled I started to blush. (Uncle)"Why don't you get your bags put up and we'll have lunch ready." I nodded grabbing my bags. When I got to the room I put my bags down and plopped onto the bed and sighed. (Twins)"Rose whats wrong? Yes whats wrong?" I smiled and sat up. (Rose)"I don't know what to say to my dad...I mean what am I suppose to say?" They giggled and tackled me. (Twin)"It'll be okay." The other nodded. (Rose)"Your right." I smiled. "Isn't their a creek nearby?" (Jake)"Ya." We headed down stairs. (Rose)"Hey uncle where headed for the creek anybody who wants to come is welcome to.Lowell looked at Aric. (Aric)"Go ahead." (Uncle)"Be back by lunch okay and be careful." (Rose)"We will." We ran outside Jake followed.We followed the path to a creek the twins ran towards it. (Twin Lilly)"Look fish!" (Twin Summer)"Your right hehe." The twin's took Lowell's hand and headed for the creek. (Rose)"Remember don't make to much noice don't want to spook the fish." (Jake)"The fish are small here might have to go up stream a ways." (Rose)"Looks like it... We could find bigger fish but theirs a chance we won't be the only ones their...Where's the twins?" I looked around but they where gone. (Jake)"They must of gone up stream...I'll go ahead and find them!" Jake went on ahead while I was right behind him. When I finally caught up sure enough they where their catching big fish Lowell caught a couple for the twins. I couldn't be mad at them not with those looks. Jake and I looked at each other and laughed. (Rose)"We shouldn't stay to long okay?" (Twin's)Kay!" I sat on the edge of the creek watching the twins trying to get the fish's. (Rose))"Jake." I whispered. Jake nodded. (Rose)"Alright you too grab your fish and let's head back for lunch." (Twin's)Okay." (Lilly)"Is this enough fish for everyone?" I giggled and nodded. We gathered up all the fish and headed back
