I live in a small village just outside the forest my mother died giving birth and no one knows who my father is...That's okay the people here are... "Rose time to till the grounds!" (Rose)"Coming!" "Hey Rose did you hear another cow was killed last night...The whole village is in an up roar." We pulled weeds from the fields all day long. (Rose)"Is that why it's so noisy today?" She nodded. "Don't you sleep out in the fields?" (Rose)"Some times but I didn't see anything." "That's probably a good thing." "I don't like you going out at night Rose." "Father." "I know you like to watch the stars but it's getting more dangerous." (Rose)"But all they kill are cattle..." "True but what if they get desperite? If they've moved from the forest their hunting grounds must be small right now...Just promise me you'll be more carefull." (Rose)"I promise." "Good now why don't you too take a break and wash up for lunch." We nodded and smiled. "Race you!" (Rose)"Your on!" We raced towards the well I came in first and my friend was out of breath. "Rose how do you do it?" I shrugged. We washed up... In the distance I thought I heard howling. "Come on Rose let's go eat." (Rose)"Okay." We ate lunch and headed back out to work till it was getting late we finished up and washed off... I waited till everyone was asleep to sneak out my faverit place to lay was out on top of the hay...Tonight was another clear night I climbed up one of the stacks of hay. I wander what would it be like to run free? I looked to the forest their standing was a wolf our eye's locked for a moment when all of a sudden I heard my name. "What are you looking at Rose?" It startled me and I fell off the hay... My friend laughed." Sorry I didn't mean to startle you." She helped me up. "Father asked me to come bring you back inside." (Rose)"Okay." She knelt down so that I could ride on her back. I got on. (Rose)"Sorry..." I started to doze off. Her dad was waiting by the door he could see that I was asleep so he picked me up and carried me to bed. I was dreaming of running through the forest but I was on all fours and I was chasing a deer...Another was with me than I woke up. "Rose hurry." I rubbed my eye's. (Rose)"What's going on?" "A wolf entered the village." (Rose)"Shouldn't we stay inside than?" "No way I want to see it don't you?" I nodded. So we snuck out hiding from the villager's .... I found some print's but they looked bigger than a wolf... We followed them. "A dead end..."We heard a growl behind us... We turned around slowly it was a white wolf but it was huge. My friend couldn't move so I got infront it sniffed me than sat down. "Your brave to stand before me little one." (Rose)"You can talk?" "Rose be careful." "Only you can understand me." (Rose)"Oh...Why did you come into our village?" "Wherent you the one star gazing?" I nodded as my face turned red. "What's it saying?" (Rose)"He was watching me watching the stars." "So he's okay?" "I won't harm you or your friend but those human's won't see it that way..." (Rose)"He's okay but he needs a way out..." "What about the hay stacks? He can hide their till everyone gives up." I nodded. We looked to make sure no one was around to sneak away we had to stop a phew times we finally got to one of the hay's he leaped in it. "Rose stay here." I nodded and hid inside.... "Why do you trust me?" I shrugged. "I am a wolf you know. (Rose)"Because you said you wouldn't hurt us." "Didn't your parent's teach you not to be so trusting?" I shook my head. (Rose)"My mother passed away after I was born...And I don't know my father." "Forgive me..." I smiled and shook my head. (Rose)"It's okay...So why have you come so close to the village?" "I'm searching for someone." (Rose)"Couldn't you hunt in the forests? It'll be safer for you that way." "I've never came near the village till tonight." (Rose)"So you haven't been killing the villager's cattle?" He shook his head. "I'm afraid..." (Rose)"I know some how I think I alway's knew I would have dream's when ever I would gaze at the stars I would drift to sleep... "Come with me my leader can help you." (Rose)"Really?" "Yes eventully your hunger will go beyond just cattle. I got onto his back and held tightly. When it was all clear he dashed out of the hay he headed towards the forest as fast as he can. He ran none stop throughout the night. We both rested during daylight but I could barly sleep I kept waking up from my dreams...Next I woke the sun was beginning to fade. I looked outside the cave it was a beautiful night. The wolf nuzzled my hand. (Rose)"You never told me your name." "Fenris my leader named me Fenris." I giggled. (Fenris)"What's so funny?" (Rose)"I'm sorry but doesn't that mean little wolf? I mean your not really little." He growled. (Fenris)"Hop on..." I did he darted off once more. (Fenris)"Where almost out of the forest!" I could see an openiing when we got out into the open a pack of wolves was waiting. (Rose)"Please tell me their with you..." "Fenris." (Fenris)"Yes but why are they all the way out here?" "We've come to get you leader's changing location's...Who's the child?" They came close to sniff me. (Fenris)"I found her with humans she hasn't gone through her change yet." (Rose)"Um I hate to interupt but..." My tummy rumbled. (Fenris)"I'll get you food once we get close to the next area okay." I nodded. We headed off the other's where really nice to me almost like brother's.When we got to another forest we stopped to eat I made a fire while they hunted some caught fish I cooked one for myself the other liked it raw after I ate I fell asleep on Fenris fur. "Fenris a word." He carefully got up not waking me. "That girl..." (Fenris)"I know when I saw her I thought the same she even smells the same he asked me to bring his alpha home but.... According to her she died giving birth." "We have to bring her back before the next full moon." "Hey um you guys the girls gone..." They ran to find me. I found a small creek to bath in I heard twigs snap I turned but nothing was there... I took my clothes off and poured water over me. "Hey I found her...she's taking a bath in a nearby creek." They heard a scream they ran towards me I fell in. (Fenris)"Rose are you alright?" I shook my head. (Rose)"I saw something it startled me..." Fenris looked around. "I'll watch her go see what's stalking these forests." They ran off to search and I continue to wash up. I looked at my new protector. He stood up really fast. "Get on!" He ran to me I grabbed on... he howled for the others they caught up to us. We where running faster than before. They didn't stop...I held on tight. Other wolves where chasing us there was a bigger wolf ahead they kept going when they got passed they stopped so did the other wolves. The big wolf growled. They left but I fell off and passed out...The big wolf sniffed me than picked me up and placed me on his back. Morning came when I woken. I noticed a fur blanket covered me a woman came in and smiled. She had a cup in her hand. "How is she?" "She just woke up." "Leave us." She bowed her head and left. He sighed. "Fenris told me what happened and it wasn't you who killed those cattle..." He stared at me. "You look just like her." (Rose)"My mother? Did you know her?" He nodded. "She was my mate and the love of my life. You're mother was different but I loved her just the same as I would my pack." I clutched the blanket tears ran down my cheeks. (Rose)"I don't understand... why did she leave?" He held me close. "I didn't know you're mother was pregnant but I wanted to protect her from other clans... I have no right to call you my daughter but..." I held him tight.(Rose)"Dad!" That woman came back in and gave me some clothes. "Aric let her get dressed at least." I laughed as he blushed. The woman smiled. (Aric)"Alright." He went outside so I could change. The woman helped me get dressed. We came out the sun was bright. "Rose you're awake." I nodded. The woman chuckled. "It's me Fenris..." I smiled and hugged him. (Rose)"You look different." (Fenris)"I know comes with the deal. Anyways I'm glad you're okay I just wanted to check before we headed out." (Rose)"Heading out? Where are you going?" (Fenris)"Where still moving so some of us is scouting just to make sure it's safe... see you later!" He ran off. (Aric)"That's rare Fenris is a lone wolf most of the time. Rose come with me." He took my hand and lead me to a tent with a phew men and women. They where shocked to see me at least I think... (Aric)"As most of you know we are moving away from the other clans towards our allies hence I asked some of our warriors to look for my mate..." He put his hands on my shoulders. "I regret that she's no longer with us but she left a gift. Meet Rose my daughter" Everyone was whispering to each other. "Brother are you sure?" (Aric)"Yes I'm sure..." "Forgive me but didn't those mutts attacked?" He nodded. (Aric)"If I had known I would of ripped them apart however I also wanted to protect our pack theirs a time and place to bare our fangs but for now we must get to our territory. With the full moon coming we need to get far away as possible so that the first turn goes well." (Rose)"What's that?" "It's where the children under go there first turn." "Brother maybe we should keep your daughter a secret if the other clans find out..." "Why not have Sophie take her?" (Aric)"Speaking of where is she?" "She went with the scouts to gather plants." (Aric)"Oh right. Sophie's the one who took care of you while you slept...." "She even kept brother from seeing you." Aric crossed his arms. I giggled. (Rose)"I don't want to hide it...And I get the feeling it won't matter if I hide it..." "Why's that?" (Rose)" Because they followed us since we left my village... at first I thought it was just me but...I saw someone while I was washing at the creek." After the long talk I snuck outside. I went to gather herbs I was about to grab one when another hand was reaching for the same one our eyes met. "Oh it's you." She giggled. "I'm Sophie are you looking for plants to?" I nodded. (Sophie)"Could you help me than?" I smiled and nodded. I helped her gather some in a basket. For a couple day's I helped with picking herbs and watching over the pups everyone treated me like family.Tomorrows the full moon I'm really nurvus Sophie and the other leader's taught me much about the clan and how things are done Father's brother has been teaching me how to defend myself he's really tough but I know why... "Still hanging by yourself?" (Rose)"Darick..." Sophie was behind him apologizing.She left us alone to talk. "Still calling me that I see." (Rose)"You never really tell me your name...So yes." "I know that look whats on your mind?" (Rose)"I feel like I'm different from everyone... I mean they love me like I'm apart but..." "That's because you are but that's not what you ment is it?" I chuckled. (Rose)"You seem to know me to well...Tomorrow I'm excited but scared at the same time." "So that's what's eating at you? Well it's true no one knows when they'll turn and it's riscky but that's why we'l protect everyone. Plus I know you'll protect them as well." (Rose)"Right though I still haven't gotten the hang of this power of mine..." "I'm sure when you need it most it'll come to you. You are my niece after all." He patted my head we both laughed. "Now let's head back your father is pasing again.
