Wood plank's and knight's started to come crashing down upon us, we ducked. "Howed they find us?" My eye's glowed white for a second..."They have a sorcerer with them...! I grabbed my friend and jumped off the bridge into rushing water's. We got pushed around and drifted to shore I changed us to cat's when we got out we where soaked and tired. I grabbed my friends neck and dragged them to a nearby bush he was out cold...I snuck a peak at the bridge and it was swarmed with black knight's... Where not safe yet...I hid Aric the best I could and looked around. I wandered to a clearing I looked to make sure no one was around witch didn't look like their was So I changed back to human form. All of a sudden I couldn't move someone came up from behind me and covered my eye's with their hand I could hear them chant everything went dark. "My Lord we have the sorcerer who was with the prince but the prince was no where to be found." They chained me up in a tent. I woke up to faint chatter.Two men came into the tent...One was the mage and the other was a man in black armor...He clasped my chin looking straight into my eye's. "Where's the prince?" I smiled. "What make's you think I'd tell you...." The man in armor took out a black gem it was floating in his hand with black energy. He held it near my chest I could feel the dark energy. "This gem  is rare one of it's kind It bind's to the one who made it well I don't have to tell you I'll let you find out." He held it closer and it went inside me I screamed in pain as I felt it enter. I can hear him whisper in my head my eye's slit like a reptiles where red with black energy my form was changing I grew wing's a tail and horn's and claw's..."I...Won't let it...Be this way...Oh sacred white light...Bring those forth the path to one place to another." A light showed up in two places one where the prince was and another surrounding me the prince ended up back at the castle while I drifted in a dark world. I see so I ended up here after all... I heard a male voice echoe in my ear's I looked their was a creature he was breath taking yet inhuman his hair was black and long it looked like shadows he had horn's and tail he was floating with one leg crossed. "It's been a long time since a creature such like you have entered my realm.He looked at my chest. "Look's like the gem is slowly devouring you." I chuckled I was about to rip it out when he stopped me. "Why do you...stop me?" "Would you rather be dead?" "I'd rather not be a tool by that king..." "Interesting. Be my vessel and I will grant you your wish!" I closed my eye's he smiled than grasped the gem until it started to break my body felt like it was being ripped apart...when he tore it from my chest and shattered it my face was blank my eye's slowly fading...he held me close and leaned in to kiss me. Something entered my body the shadow's wrapped around me the creature and I where one. My body had new marking's and my hair changed red silk wrapped around me as I slept. He and I would share stories he's ancient ruler of the shadow's but his kingdom was lost but the creatures still rome in my land's. I even told him about me and why I was different a creature of magic last of my kind. "Hurry our master is about to waken!" I opened my eyes I was floating in dark water men in robes stood at the edge and waited, their leader headed towards me with silk robe and waited till I stood up I was naked. "Master please wear this." "Master?" "Yes you house our shadow master there fore your our Master." (shadow knight)"I'v summond the other's it'll take them a phew day's to get here." "I'm guasing those knight's that are getting close arent friends?" I sighed..."Forgive me Master..." "No need they been a pest since day one..." I held out my hands and started to chant. "Come forth oh flames from the abyss aid your master heed thy command and come forth!" A circle appeared a huge dragon came out this one stood on it's hind legs with his arms crossed. "Alexis my master what do I owe the pleasure of being summoned?" (Alexis)"I thought the king of the fire dragon's would love to battle...Plus I'm still healing from..." The king laughed. "No need to explaine my master I can smell it from here and of coarse I love to fight." I took a deep breath I chanted as both he and I had armor appear. He checked out the new armor and smiled. (Fire king)"New armor? I like it." He got on all fours and ran out to battle I was about to follow when the hooded figure stopped me. "Master your still weak." (Alexis)"I know but I must stay close or the spell wears off..." "Than take someone with you master." (Shadow knight)"Allow me I can protect you plus my horse is fast." I nodded. We took off.
