Alexis sweety are you sure about getting a job theirs need to rush anything.(Alexis)"You know I'm just staying cause I have no where else to go besides I already found a job well I need to pass the interview first.The guy who's hiring sounds promising I mean he's smart and sounds sexy as hell..."My best friend looked at me with her brown eye's."How sexy?"I grind.(Alexis)"Let's see it's enough to make you melt listen to this he lives in a real castle." "Get out for real?So what does he want you to do exactly?"(Alexis)" Thats just it he doesn't want much all he wants is help managing his business he was going to pay for me to go to him." "It sounds like you already got the job if he's going that far when do you leave?" "Tomorrow is when my train leaves.""You know if he turns out to be bad..."" I can protect my self besides I need this..." "I know but I'm still going to miss you..." "You just like my cooking."We both laughed but it was true she loves my cooking. We went out and partied and went out to dinner. In the morning I started packing I didn't have much except a lot of clothes after packing decided to take a nap before I had to be on a train the whole time.While I slept I was having nightmare's it's the same one every time my adopted parents died but I survived some how." Alexis wake up your having a nightmare!" I darted up I was sweating my best friend rubbed my back I slowed my breathing."Thanks Amanda.What time is it?" "Almost time for your train come on you got to get ready." I nodded and got up."I'm going to take a quick shower." "Alright I'll get you're things together are you sure your okay?" "Ya I'm okay really." I cracked a smile than headed to the bathroom shower I turned on the water and washed up I felt really drained I shook off that feeling turning off the and dried off than I got dressed into clean clothes.We headed out to the nearest train station we hugged and said our good bye's I waved as I got onto the train while it slowly departed. I went inside to find my seat it wasn't as packed as I thought it was going to be I found my seat and sat down apparently I was sitting next to a detective he didn't talk much was fine I just read a book the whole way.After so many stops I was ready to get off at the last one.I got off carrying my bags this place seemed like something out of Amanda's horror films I took a deep breath.I saw a carriage waiting out front.The driver put my bags inside and me up.We started moving through the village their was no one in sight though it was almost night time maybe theirs a curfew or they turn in early. We drove pretty far we passed through the village through a thick forest most of the time I just read my book than we came a crossed a huge bridge witch led to a beautiful castle I couldn't take my eye's off it. It really is a castle amazing! An old gate opened up as we passed through. I put my book away when we got to the entrance the stopped the driver helped me out and handed my bags over than he was gone just like that."Well than that wasn't a bit rude much...This place is amazing!" "Thank you." A voice came from the front doors it was the same one I talked over the phone with.He was definitely as sexy as he sounded though his clothes where old fashion and I mean old but some how it went well with his pale skin and black he was tall a well built. "Your going to catch a cold why don't we go inside and warm up." "Okay." He let me go in first the place was beautiful the floors where real wood their where dim lights it was breath taking how it lit everything up but wasn't harsh on the eye's."Why don't we get you things put away than we can talk about work over tea." I nodded and fallowed him down a hallway we came to a door that looked hand crafted wood he opened the door."This is your room I hope you like it." "Its beautiful." Their where red silk on the bed my favorite colors."I love the color's spicily the red its my favorite."He smiled which sent a chill down my spine. I shook off the feeling and put my bags down next to the bed I saw a fireplace."Come let's go to the living area and get you warmed up." I fallowed."You a nice place..." "Damian." "Right Damian sorry." "No need to apologize I'm sure you a long journey." We sat down in front of a fireplace."So Alexis right?" I nodded." "Would you like to work here?" "Yes but I thought I needed to be interviewed first?" Damian laughed." When we talked I already had my answers I just wanted yours in person." I was speechless."When should I start?" "Now if you want though I have to warn you I'm not good with computer's so everything's on paper." I giggled." That's fine." "My partner says I should start learning though." Darn he's got someone."business partner."He looked at me like he could tell what I was thinking."Right." I laughed nervously. Way to go Alexis. Damian got up and got a lot of books he sat them down in front of me than went to get some tea while I looked through. He wasn't kidding all of it was hand written good thing I'm use to paperwork. Damian brought tea and sat down next to me."Your pretty good at that." "Thanks my mom told me I should work on both." "She sounds pretty smart." My face changed."Ya she was..." I tried to force a smile. It was a long night morning was almost approaching and dozed off Damian carried me off to bed. He left. I was dreaming of my patents we where eating dinner and laughing than the next thing I know our cabin was unguided in flames I felt like I was suffocating gasping for air I woke up clutching Damian he wrapped his arms around me.(Damian)"Your alright take slow breaths."His voice was soft I felt myself calming down when he spoke I realized I was crying my face turned red.(Alexis)"I'm sorry..."He stopped me.(Damian)"Did you have a nightmare?"     
 I nodded. (Alexis)"I hope I didn't wake you..."He shook his head still holding me close.(Damian)"I was already awake it is nightfall after all.Will you tell me about your dream over a meal perhaps?" I nodded.He helped me out of bed than waited for me to get dressed for some reason I got the impression he wanted to watch the way he grind but I asked him to leave so I could dressed he looked disappointed I rolled my eyes he grind again and walked out.I got dressed Damian was waiting outside the door.I fallowed behind Damian he led me to a beautiful library with a fireplace.(Alexis)"Wow this place is amazing! Theirs so many books."Damian smiled and showed me a couch to sit down on I smiled than sat down. I took a deep breath.(Damian)"I'm glad you like it I'll make us something to eat." I nodded than curled up in a ball.Damian left the room for awhile. Why does it feel okay to relax here? I sighed. Isn't this what I wanted I mean why else would I... Damian came in with food and two cups.(Damian)" I hope you like chicken parmesan."(Alexis)"It Smell's delicious." He smiled.(Damian)"So tell me about your dream."(Alexis)"I'm with my foster parents on a trip we owned a cabin. It started out fine we where eating dinner and talking but than I'm surrounded by flames my doctor said I'm trying to relive something I couldn't remember... You see their was an accident and I'm the only one to make it..."(Damian)"Sounds like your blaming yourself for what happened. Here eat it'll make you feel better." I smiled and started to eat. It was really good after finishing up I started to get really tired. Damian gave me a look of hunger. He got closer and brushed his cold hand against my cheek. I couldn't speak push him off me but part of me didn't want to he started to kiss my neck his lips was also cold to the touch everything was a blurr when I felt a sharp pain struck my neck I grasped Damian's shirt than slowly let go after that everything went dark. Damian put a waking me up.(Damian)"Forgive me I didn't mean to wake you."(Alexis)"Did I fall asleep?" He nodded.(Damian)"You seemed to be haveing a good dream so I didn't want to wake you."A dream...It felt so real...(Damian)"Theirs someone here I need to talk to I just came to check on you."(Alexis)"Who?" He chuckled.(Damian)"Just detective he came to the nearby village to try to solve a case apparently he wanted to speak with everyone here but I told him you where asleep."(Alexis)"I'm awake now."He took my hand and helped me walk we got to an open area with a sitting area their was sitting the same person from the train he looked over my chest started to hurt."Ahh we meet again miss."(Damian)"You know each other?" I nodded."(Alexis)"We met on the train." Though he barely talked.Damian chuckled like he new what I was thinking."Yes well I'm here on a case that happened recently I'm just going around asking everyone if they knew anything."(Alexis)"Sure but I doubt I can be of any help." "Their was an attack by a beast the odd thing is that it matches one from a few years ago..." Suddenly I felt sick to my stomach. "I'm sorry if this is a bit much but while you where here have you notice any animal's?" I shook my head.(Damian)"Their ate wolves and bears running about but everyone should know the woods here are dangerous." "Actually it was a couple out walking they where visiting. Anyways thank you for your time please let me know if you find anything new.Oh ya I heard their was one survivor a few years ago I think she would be about your age by now." He said good bye than left. I felt exhausted I felt relief when he left but I was also terrified. Damian placed his hand on my shoulder.(Damian)"Come on maybe working might take your mind off things." I nodded it felt like Damian knew how I felt the fear milted away. While we worked I could hear the wolves howling it was beautiful Damian's gaze made me blush while I showed him how to put everything on the computer than an email popped up.(Alexis)"Looks like you have mail I'll be over their while you read it just click on it to open." I got up and let him take over.I looked through the window I swore I saw something watching but I didn't say anything cause it vanished.(Damian)"Looks like tomorrow my partner will be stopping by so you can relax." Damian's tone sounded different that it made me jump he laughed.I glared at him but he wasn't bothered he grind. We continued to work when morning came we went to bed I didn't have any nightmares but I did dream of Damian.It was night time and I heard a low growl in my room that woke up my heart pounded something pulled me out of bed and onto the floor its claws scraped down my back than door swung opened i could barely see from the tears but I knew his voice it was Damian and someone behind him the beast growled the beast was about lung at him but I blacked out another beast slammed into it but it wasn't like the other this one had crimson red eye's they where slit the fur was beautiful  silver white except for its back it was red from blood one that attacked was a big scruffy wolf the other was a big beautiful wolf but the eye's where different they fought the scruffy one nipped at the neck which it yelped in pain but managed to throw it out from the window and it disappeared into the woods. The white wolf turned around and snarled but one look into his eye's it quickly stopped and whimpered Damian caught the scent of blood the wolf laid down and fell asleep their I was sleeping where the wolf was my wounds started to heal slowly."Damian what just happened?" Damian scooped me up.(Damian)"We might need a place to stay till we get that taken care of." "No problem we can leave soon." (Damian)"Let me clean her up than we can go." Damian washed me up and noticed I was fully healed so he got me dressed and got ready. A few days later."She's still out cold..."Damian growled. I was in the woods running and something big was chasing me through the felt like never ending until I saw Damian I started to run to him. Damian and his friend heard a thud they came running they found me half on the floor.(Alexis)"Ow...Why are you staring at me?" They laughed as Damian helped me up. I looked at them. (Alexis)"Did I do something or is drool?"They both shook their head."I'll let you handle this one."Damian's partner left the room and closed the door. Damian sat me down my mind went hazy when I gazed into his eye's. He laid me back onto the bed he whispered something into my ear it made me blush and nurvuse before I knew I felt his lips touch mine it stored something inside me his tongue pushed through my lips he to play with my tongue he laid on top of me kissing my neck I wanted him but something inside me knocked him off me and through the door before I knew what happened was out of their my head was hurting than I realized I just threw my boss. I ran so fast I ended up in some park I was out of breath than out of no where I heard a growl I turned around and was tackled by a huge beast it pinned me to the ground I held it back but it was really strong than I remembered what I did to Damian. Think how did I do that.my instincts took over all of a sudden I changed and got it off me we fought the moon illuminated as we fought I went for its throat but missed when it lunged into my chest I yelped when I felt its fangs bite down I couldn't move the beast backed off and looked like it was going in for the kill than I started to think of Damian I couldn't die here.My blood was boiling fur started to shed and scales replaced newly shed fur wings burst forth from my back the beast stopped it looked like a small wolf but I just grew bigger I snarled with one swipe I could easily win but I didn't the beast ran with its tail between its leg's I changed back but still had wings horns claws and fangs. Some how I found my way back to where Damian is. No one was around so I walked in my tail Swished I looked around when I saw someone it wasn't Damian or his partner but I know that scent. I terrified even though I was totally bad ass right now but something was off. He smiled."Looks like you recognize me well I'm not surprised  you did save yourself back than but not your parents." I feel like I'm going to be sick...(Alexis)"Where's Damian!"He laughed. "That blood sucker can't save you he and his friend smelled your blood on that mutt I sent after you their busy hunting him down." He got close I couldn't move."Look at you powerful yet overwhelmed by fear." He moved his hand towards me when he jumped back.(Damian)"You dare think you can touch what's mine!" A growl escaped Damian's throat. The room was suddenly filled than suddenly Damian scooped up the only thing that came out of my mouth was.(Alexis)"I'm glad I didn't kill you." Damian grind.(Damian) "It would take more than that to kill me but you did pack a punch now my dear I believe this man 
 


 
