Hold on tight it's going to get bumpy! I grabbed onto the boat. "How far to the inland?" "Not far!" The sudden storm caught us by surprise...Wave after wave slammed our boat.Where almost there...!Our boat capsized and I was losing counsiuose.... My eye's suddenly changed the water swirled around me as we escaped to the inland. I carried the man that was with me to land and collapsed...A child found us she ran to get help... I woke up to a woman next to me. "Your awake? Try not to move to much." "Where...am I?" The woman smiled as she rung out a wet towel. "My daughter found you and your companion on the shores your lucky the beasts didn't find you first." I rubbed my head. I noticed she was worried. "What's wrong?" "My daughter went to get medicine but she hasn't returned. The beasts have become more violent and been coming near the village..." "Where is your daughter?" "You mustn't you need rest." "No use once she's set her mind on something she doesn't stop." "She went to the village north from here." "Got it!" I leaped out of bed and ran out the door a man went with me. What's with this inland the people here look almost like me... off in the distance I heard a scream the villagers where in a panic... "What happened?" "Lily she's trapped..." In an instant I ran towards her there was a huge beast out of control... I flew in and saved her but the beast was out of control. "I'm going to stop it from distroying. "How that beast is to strong..." I was already heading towards it I stopped it in its tracks... "Hurry... and leave!" "Let us handle this." I looked up... "It's the guardians!" "Are listening!?" "I can't..." Lily screamed I looked there where more... "Lily!" "Alexis permission to take it out!" I smiled. Power burst around me... "Do you feel that? Feels like a level of a royal guardian." "No it feels stronger." It was over in an instant. I went to check on them when the guardians stopped me. "Hold it. Who are you?" "Just someone paying back who helped us that's all..." "Wait." "Sire?" Everyone was shocked. "Why didn't you move?" I turned."I sure get asked that a lot...Old habits..." I started to blackout. (Alexis)"Not...good...is there a place where no one goes?" (Lily)"Ya on the next inland close by." "But that place is more dangerous..." (Alexis)"Perfect...now if I could move..." The king came to me. (King)"We'll take you not sure why." His men grabbed me and flew off to the inland we where above it. (Alexis)"This is good drop me." "Are you nuts no one would survive a drop like that." (Alexis)"Just do it!
