 “What's at the end of these catacombs?” “A sealed door it's been their for as long as I can remember.” “You don't think that's where they'll be do you.” “Its possible but no one in their right mind would my wife told me that a demon was sealed their that's why she died protecting it.” “Than let's hope its still sealed.” We ran to the end the place was lit and huge doors where at the end on the floor was Sophie and Sonya. “This isn't good some how we have to get them without breaking that seal though it might be to late.” “Why do you say that?” “They both wouldn't come down here on their own so something lured them here.” Evil laughter filled the catacombs  it made my hairs stand. “I'm guessing that's not something you wanted to here.”  “Nope.” “Soon I'll be free and theirs nothing you can do about it!” “Why does everyone say that...” “What can we do to reseal the door?”  “I'm starting to like this village I won't let a demon ruin it or take my friends.” “What can you do.” “I think he's mocking you.” “Well first.” I blushed and ran up to Alexander and kissed him before I could back away he held me close ad deepened the kiss  my whole face turned red. “Took you long enough.” He smiled and let me go. “I never kissed before...well now that I did that Alex I have something to ask you after this is done with.” “Sure but what are you going to do.” “I'm going to reseal the door.” I took a deep breath. “I told you I'd do anything to keep my friends safe!” Huge wings exploded out from my back and I started to transform into a huge white  dragon.” “Wait don't be hasty If you seal this door you'll become a shadow dragon do you really want to risk that...” The doors started to release a dark mist I flew up and tried to close the doors. “Alex hurry and take them away from the doors if they breath this in they'll die.” Alex swiftly grabbed them and went behind a huge pillar. “Blast you stupid dragon why do you care for this world.” “Shut... up already...” in one huge push I closed the doors and resealed them I suddenly turned into humanoid dragon form. “Alex... get... out of here I can feel it...” My body was engulfed in shadow flame  my eyes where red I dashed towards Alex but he stood their I dug my claws and fags into his skin all he did was wrapped his arms around me as I thrashed about. “You can't kill me.” Alex's eyes went red and  his canines grew sharper and longer as he bit into my neck he drank my blood than he took some of his own and kissed me making me swallow his. All his memory's came flooding in my mind I started to calm down. “Alex? What..” “Shh it was the only way to save your life now where bonded by blood I hope you don't mind.” I shook my head. “What are you?” “A vampire one of the oldest of my kind  your eyes are still beautiful.” I blushed. “So what do we do with your friends?” “They can keep a secret.” “I can have one of my friends help them he researches artifacts  and ruins I'm sure he could use the help.” “I think that would be best. Oh ya I was going to tell you something...” He grind. “I..um...Love...You. Their I said it.” “I love you as well my dear.” I blushed so bright. “Finally!” “Huh..?” “Took you long enough Alexis.” “You guys are awake wait how long?” “We heard the whole thing.” “Someone Barry me.” Alex laughed “Let's get you three back to the Manor.” We  all nodded. “So Alexis does this mean you can't be in the day light now?” “Ya and I got to relearn everything .” Why do you sound like you don't want to.” “Well it's like being a new born dragon when we usely turn to be a shadow dragon the we do so in a barrier so that we can slowly turn into one and we gain knowledge from the one that changes us.” “So like a vampire only dragon .” “Actually the way I did it was dangerous and incomplete if it wasn't for Alexander's blood no one would be standing here including me the flames would of painfully consumed everything.” “So what are you going to do?” “For now I can't be outside in the light and I can't transform for awhile so nothing really.” “I'll take care of you.” “I'm not use to that.” He smiled. We reached the Manson. “Why don't you Lady's take a bath and get ready for bed you must be tired from all that.” “Now that you mention it I'm exhausted.” “Alex do you have a phone I should call my dad?” “Yes it's in the dining hall.” “Thanks.” I got to the phone and started to dial my Father. “Hello dad.” “Hello daughter finally you call your old man.” “Ya well I kinda need your help.” I explained what happened everything including me falling in love. “I'll be over tonight.” “Thanks dad. Mm-hm  bye.” I sighed. Alex picked me up and took me to his bed room and gently laid me on his bed he smiled as he ran his hand through my hair. “What's wrong?” “Everything.”
“I know your protecting your friends but what else is bothering you?” “I never been in love before...” “Than why don't you let me show you hmm?.” “Meaning?” He chuckled. He moved on top of me and kissed me  I looked into his eyes he held me close  I started to fall asleep as the sun started to rise  I slept in his arms. Sophie and Sonya was helping out at the Inn and Diner. I was dreaming about the same dream I was in the ballroom watching everyone dance but before the couple in the middle could kiss everything shattered like glass than I was falling into darkness than I woke up my body was shaking Alex held me from behind. “Nightmare?” I nodded. “It's almost night time.” “Um Alex will you be with me when my Father comes?” “Of coarse.” I smiled Alex probably could tell I was hiding something from him but he didn't pry. “Miss theirs someone here for you.” I got up and headed for the front door Dad was their and two of his men. “Father I'm glad to see you.” My dad was tall a built with muscles his hair was kept really long but he liked it that way. “When do I get to meet your boyfriend?” “Dad!” “Forgive me.” Alex came from behind me and bowed. “So your the one who captured my daughters heart?” “Well I would say she captured mine.” My father laughed. “I think you and I will be just fine now I know we should talk more but from what my daughter told me on the phone we don't have long to act.” “What do you mean?” “I'm guessing my daughter of mine didn't tell you well to be blunt we have to purge any tainted miasma that got into her body before we can change her into a pure shadow dragon we'll need a lot of space and away from any humans  and possibly need chains big enough to hold a dragon.” I could feel Alexander's eyes change. “Easy I know you want to get protective but it's for her own good as well as our own if you want to stay with you can though I'm sure you both are going to be in a lot of pain no matter where you are what you didn't think I wouldn't notice your blood bond I we can smell the blood in your vein's well not that I care since I can tell you love my daughter.” “You can use the catacombs.” “Good let's take the princess their will fallow you.” Alex picked me up and showed them to one of the catacombs it was different from the ones we been in Alex stood me on my feet and kissed my forehead. “I'll be right here for you.” One of dad's men started to wrap chains around two pillars. “Dad aren't you missing a person?” “Couldn't be helped  it'll be fine.”
I smiled nervously. “The hard parts purging after that is the easy part.” “Right don't blame me if I accidentally kill everyone.” “She is your daughter I wouldn't put it pass her.” the two men placed the shackles on my wrists and went on ether side of my dad  Alex stood behind them my dad held out both his hands and started  chanting in dragon tongue than a circle began to form around me with ancient writing than the other two joined in it felt like everything in my body was being crushed  I felt my mind was slipping away into a vast darkness my eyes turned red and my body was engulfed by black flames I let out a loud roar that shook the ground. “Here comes the tricky part you two keep your focus on the barrier.” “Right.” Alex grit his fangs. “Bare with it back their and hope our princess doesn't slip away.” “Boss the barrier can't take much more of this.” Alex stared behind me wide eyes and his mouth dropped he could see a glow white figure wrapping their arms around me. I could hear a faint voice calling in the darkness . “Who's their?” I called out “Don't give up.” I held my hand out searching as a woman in white held me in her arms. “He's waiting for you.” “Who?” “Don't give up.” I nodded and she smiled and disappeared. I let out a roar as all the darkness came out of my body all at once than the chains snapped and I floated in the air as a shell enveloped my whole body. “That was fast.” My father transformed his hand into a dragon's claw and slowly put it in the shell releasing his dark energy into it 
“Now we wait hey you look like you saw a ghost..” “No it was probably nothing.” “Your a terrible liar.” “For a moment I thought I saw my deceased wife.” “Than we should be glad for that kind luck. Look after my princess after this she can be a little stubborn but she has the heart of a warrior and is new to the whole relationship thing but shes loyal.” “I will with everything I am.” The shell started to crack my tail and wings broke through first  than I broke through with my claws. “You know I can hear you.” My scales changed to a dark night and my eyes where fire red my horn where black red my hair grew long to the ground was black  I flew into Alex's arms and wrapped my arms around his neck  he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a kiss. “How do you feel?” “Starving he-he I feel like a new dragon.” “You should test it out on that demon that attacked you and your friends.” “You think so well I could fight it no problem yes let's.” Alex showed the way and we all stood before the huge doors. “Hm the seal is strong did you do that?” “Yes I had to the stupid demon tried to get free my friends where nearby.” “We can keep the energy from escaping so you can go all out.” I kissed Alexander's lips than walked in front of the doors I released the seal the doors slowly started to open huge claws scraped at the doors the ground shook from it's steps I could hear it laughing. I closed my eyes and held a hand in front of me and started chanting in dragon tongue a sword appeared from the ground in chains it was a sword from dragon fangs near the hilt was a dragon eye gem I grabbed it releasing it from its seal. “Master what is your command?” “Help me kill this demon.” “Yes Master.” I took a stance was ready to strike, I dashed forwards creating shock waves first I cut one of its claws off it roared in anger. “You'll pay for that I'll tear you apart!” In swift movements I slashed at him he couldn't keep up with my speed for the finishing blow I flew up high when he was through the doors I flew straight down slashing him in half  he roared and tried to swipe me with his other claws I dodged them and flipped backwards I landed on a pillar than I pushed off chanting to the sword the letter's on the blade started to light up red  than a black fire engulfed it I held it with both hands I dodged the attacks and in one swift motion I slashed right through it the demon started to disappear, I landed gracefully I dropped the sword and it disappeared the same way it was summoned I lifted my claw as I walked towards Alex and sniffed. “Now I smell like demon blood great.” I sighed than I looked  up at Alex he had a smile than sent chills down my spine but his eyes where soft. Than all of a sudden a huge power stopped me cold I couldn't move another demon no I only sensed one I feel like I'm being choked I can't... My eyes went dark as I started to fall Alex swiftly caught me. “Oi I think she pissed off a pretty nasty demon.” “I thought their was only one sealed here.” “Never said it was here it must be sealed some where else but she just got a taste of it's energy and I bet she couldn't handle it.” Alex hissed. “Well so long as she stays away from where ever it is she should be fine but for now where hungry.” “Of coarse I'll have food prepared.” “Could you prepare meat?” “Yes.” Alex carried me back to the Mansion than he laid me on his couch and covered me in a blanket he told his butler to make something for his guests. Alex and my dad was talking while the food was cooking I could here them while I floated in the dark 
