Alright class settle down. Everyone sat down and was quiet. (Teacher)"Today we have a transfer student." A boy entered he had long white hair. "He's from over sea's so make him feel welcome." "Hi my name is Yuki I hope to make friemd's while I'm here." (Teacher)" Alright Yuki you can sit next to Alexis." He nodded and walked over and sat down in the seat next to mine. His voice was calm but something about what he said was a lie... Well what ever. The teacher went on to teaching. After class I headed to our next class when Yuki called me. (Yuki)"Hey hold up. Alexis." I stopped and turned around. (Alexis)"Yes?" "Do you know where science class is?" I nodded. "I'm heading their right now.I can show you if you want?" He smiled and nodded. We headed to the next class and sat down. A new teacher came in...He also had long white hair but his was tied up and he wore glasses. He waited for everyone to come in and get seated. "My name is Fukushima Masaharu and I'll be you new science teacher." Everybody was whispering and shocked but the girl's was just giggling of how cute he looked... "I know this is sudden but I hope you'll bare with me today." I started to get a headace but I shrugged it off. The whole time I could see everyone's aura... After class I quickly ran out of their to clear my head heading to the roof where I usaly go to clear my head. Today's been so wierd... I laid down and staired at the sky. I tried to make sense of it all the new teacher and a new student... Ug.. I rubbed my head and sat up. I leaped off the place I was laying down on when I landed I noticed Yuki in the door. We sat and talked. "So do you alway's come up here?" I nodded. "Ya I get headace's alot so it's my get away." "I hope I'm not bothering you?" I shook my head. "Not at all." I raised my hand to the skies. "Yuki why did you say you wanted friend's when you didn't mean it?" He looked at me and laughed. "It's not that I don't it's just that...It's hard for me to be around other's." "Your hanging out with me arent you?" He smiled. "True but your different." The science teacher came out here. "Their you are Yuki you forgot you medicine." "Oh I forgot...Thank's." "Are you to related?" Yuki laughed. "He's my guardian." I chuckled. Than my phone buzzed. I checked... (Alexis)"Oh I got to go..." I got up and brushed myself off. "See you tomorrow." I walked away and headed to the hospital. "Alexis here for another night?" I nodded. "Alright head to the room and get dressed." I did just like before... I got into a gown and waited. The nurse helped me onto the bed and placed IVs and monitors on me. After the doctor checked up on me I laid their. I wander if schools out already... "Alexis you have a visitor." "Huh?" "His name is Yuki should I let him in?" Yuki! What's he doing here? "Sure." The nurse let him in. Sure enough it was him. "Yuki!?" "Alexis watch your heart rate." I blushed than breathed in slowly. The nurse left us. "Yuki howed you know I was here?" He scratched his head. "I asked one of the teachers. I hope you're not mad?" I shook my head. "It's a nice change I been coming here since I was little... Ever since my parents vanished..." Their was a knock. "Come in." Yuki's guardian came in. (Fukushima)"Yuki we should head back." "Okay. Hey Alexis mind if I come tomorrow?" "Sure though it's really boring." He smiled than they both left. The next morning I went to school. After class Yuki and I met on the roof I wasn't feeling to good but Yuki kept me company. (Yuki)"Hey Alexis why are you in that place?" (Alexis)"Promise not to laugh?" He nodded. (Alexis)"Ever since I was little I had a gift... I could see thing's other's couldn't even people's energy. I can also tell what their thinking...because of that it put's a strain on my body. Sometimes I can tell if something is going to happen. Crazy huh?" He didn't looked surprise or even judging. "Could you talk to Fukushima when I come visit? He might be able to help you." "Do you really think so?" He nodded. "Okay." Why do I feel like I can trust him... My phone buzzed. "I better get going. See you soon?" "Ya." I left for the hospital. I laid their in bed... I felt really uneasy. After the doctor left Yuki and Fukushima came in. I was in tear's. "Alexis what's wrong?" "I...Just had a bad feeling." (Fukushima)"Yuki told me everything you told him. I can help you but it's expeiramentle still. If you will do it I can have you transfered over to my devision." "Really?" "Just sign this and we can have you transfered." I nodded and signed after reading it of coarse. They both left to get paper's for the transfer but while they where away the doctor came in with two men in black. He gave me something and I was getting really sleepy... The men took me out of the hospital and into a black truck. Yuki went back to my room only to find me gone.He asked one of the nurses their they said two men came. He rushed out of the hospital with Fukushima. (Yuki)"Basterds..." (Fukushima)"Yuki go after them." "Alright!" Yuki changed he had claws fangs, tail, horns and wing's his hair was long and black with tribal marking's. He flew off. Yuki was able to find me the truck was luckily it was alone. He stopped infront of the truck the screeched to a halt. The men got out of the truck and started to fire gun's though it had no effect on him he dodged the bullets and knocked the men streight back knocking them uncontiuos he walked over ripping the door off and grabbing me I called out yuki's name.Fukushima drove up. (Fukushima)"Hurry up and get her in." He gently laid me in the back of the car and got in changing back. He turned around and drove back. I slowly started to wake up. (Alexis)"Yuki?" "Your safe." "I knew youd come." I smiled. I looked around everything looked new and different... "Where are we?"  (Fukushima)"At one of our ficilties. We where going to have you at our inland's ficilties but first we'll have you stay here till we know what those men wanted." I nodded. A gate opened up as he drove inside the place was huge and vary high tech. We stopped Yuki got out. (Fukushima)"Wait here." I nodded. Two men came out and a woman in a lab coat. Fukushima was talking to them the woman glanced at me and nodded... My head started hurting and everything was spinning Yuki saw and was calling out my name but I could barely hear... (Yuki)" Something's wrong with Alexis!" They rushed over and got me out... I kept getting images... "Get her inside quickly." "Yes Ma'am." I was sound asleep. (Yuki)"How is she?" "We got her stabled... But her body won't be able to handle another." (Fukushima)"Why don't you check on her." Yuki nodded and entered my room. (Alexis)"Yuki?..." "Your awake." I smiled. "Yuki I saw something..." He came closer as I whispered in his ear's. "Are you sure?" I nodded. "I'll go tell them." Yuki went to tell Fukushima about what I told him. Everyone got ready to transport everything out of the ficility. They got everything in cargo plane's and we took off. An hour after the alarm tripped. "Look's like she was right. The humans are getting more bold and deadly... We need to waken her gene's. 
