Washing the deck of saint mary a beautiful ship for the rich...This world is full of magic and creature's and even... "Pirates!" Yes even pirate's... Pirate's! "Hurry up and grab a weapon!" "Yes captain!" I grabbed a sword a huge ship approached the flag was a black flag with a sea dragon... We where caught in a large battle though this ship wasn't made for it their where alot of soldier's on board. I held my own as they boarded us I fended off some pirate's when I clashed sword's with their captain."Your impressive for a child." "Just because I'm a child doesn't mean I can't hold my own pirate!" We clashed a phew time's but an explosion caught me off guard he took advantage and swept my feet from under me...I dropped my sword I closed my eye's and called upon the waters to protect me. "Your full of surpises." I smiles when another pirate came up from behind I created ice shards to defend but left myself open to their captain he punched me in the stomac I keeled over coughing. (Pirate captain)"Tie this one up with the other's." "Aye captain!" He picked me up and tossed me with the other's... "Hand over all your jems and jewelry or we'll sink this ship." They did though some tried to hide theirs. They brought out a girl wearing a dress with a Royal crest... A princess go figure. (Princess)"Unhand me!" The captain whispered in my ear. "Protect the princess at all cost got it." "Yes sir..." I took a deep breath the rose up in colems wash away thy enemy's before me. (Princess)"I'll make you a deal you can have that magic caster if you leave this ship!" Huh...? (Pirate captain)"Oh? Magic isn't rare..." (Princess)"But a dragon is." "Deal take that one with us." I sighed as they bonded my hand's together... Once they where finished they brought me with them and placed me to their deck. "All hand's on deck where leaving this rust bucket." "Aye aye!" These guy's weren't like your normal pirates they where strong and smart... But they never kill needlessly... "Hey captain what are we gonna do with the caster?" "Shouldn't you worry about that storm?" "What storm?" I pointed. "That one." It was far but it was a huge storm forming. "Captain?" (Captain)"You know what to do now get a move on!" "Aye captain!" The wood shattered and a black metal shell was bare with red energy. The true ship amerged I was in aw. "Prepare to ride this storm!" (Captain)"Also bring the caster to my cabin crystal I need you as well." They took me to his captains cabin. The lady with long blue hair closed the door. "What will you do with me?" The lady smiled. (Crystal)"Don't worry the captains not heartless spicily with girl's." I was shocked. "How?" (Captain)"No one would of known... But the way you fought and I noticed when I punched you...Well I'm sure that princess knew as well." "What do you mean?" (Captain)"My guase is woman aren't allowed to be hired as caster's but you made yourself look like a boy.. What would happen if they found out?" "They would of placed me in jail or worst...." (Captain)"Right. Take off your clothes." I did. "Just your shirt and pants." I took them off cloth wrapped around my chest and waist and my feet. Marking's covered some of my body. "She look's human." I breathed first scales appeared than my tail and webbed hand's and feet my eye's slit was the color of crystal clear oceans my ear's where fined. "Wow so it's true? The captain cleared his throat. (Captain)"Aric go get us some cup's and a drink crystal could you loan her some clothes?" "Aye captain" (Crystal)"Aye captain." The captain covered me in a blanket. What's he up to? "Here's some cup's and a drink also the Chief said to bring these for the young miss." "Um..." (Captain)"Here eat up. Before you ask your joining my crew." "Huh? Wait..." "Why I think it's a great idea." (Captain)"Right?" I'm so confused... (Captain)"Actually we knew about you already you see someone hired us though we did get some good treasure along the side." So that's why...I sighed. (Crystal)"I brought some clothes they should fit." "Thanks..." I got dressed while the captain poured each a glass of some kind of drink. We made a toast and drank I coughed the drink burned. They laughed. "Never had adult's drink before?" I shook my head. "Captain!" (Captain)What is it?" "That storm is bigger than we thought and it's headed our way." "I did say that...Hey did you mean it? Me joining?" The captain smiled and nodded. "Than get you men ready." I steped outside the winds where raging and the waves where as violent as ever I took a deep breath. I started to sing in dragon tongue everyone stopped what they where doing and listened. "It's calm..." (crystal)" No look closer where right in the middle of the storm." "But how?" (Captain)"She's protecting the ship. It's my first time hearing a dragon's song." He walked over to me and tapped my shoulders. (Captain)"We can handle it from here." I nodded and fell he cought me into his arm's. "Come on let's not let her do all the work men!" "Aye aye!" The captain laid me in bed and closed the door. I was in a deep sleep all of a sudden I woke up with Crystal next to me. (Crystal)"Sorry I din't mean to waken you." "It's alright." I sat up. (Crystal)"What's your name?" I looked at her and thought a moment. "Surely you know your name." "My master who tought me how to fight called me Malae" "You mean you don't Remember your name?" I looked at her. "It's not that it's just that I never had a name till one was given to me." "What does your name mean?" "It means Unknown or mysterious.He was a swordmaster but he couldn't catch a fish even if his life depended on it." The captain entered. (Captain)"Where almost near the port better get ready." "Port?" (Captain)"Ya where near pirates cove we got to gather supply's.Also you need some gear so you'll be coming with me." "Captain where docking!" (Captain)"Alright! Let's go." I nodded and went with the captain.When we got onto the Deck I could see a huge port town up ahead. It was amazing and the breeze felt great. "Hey look's like sleeping beauty is awake." I blushed. (Captain)"Where heading out. Everyone man the ship while I'm gone." "Aye aye." We headed out the town was busy with merchants and pirates... (Captain)"First let's find you a weapon than some gear." "Okay." We stopped in a shop. It had weapon's but not magic weapon's but the blade's where still well crafted.(Shop keeper)"Well if it isn't Captain of the sea dragons.What brings you in today?" (Captain)"Looking for some gear for our new mate here." "Ahh I see so what is it your looking for?" (Captain)"Well she's good with a sword..." "These are really well made but they'll just break if I use them." (Captain)"What do you mean? The sword you had never broke." "That's because I never channeled my magic in them...so I couldn't of fought you at my best..." Your kidding me... I barley kept up... A couple of men came in. "Hey a little girl shouldn't mess with sharp objects...Hey are you listening!?" He slammed his hand next to my head. The captain came to me. (Captain)"Is their a problem?" He looked like he was about to kill someone. I swirled my fingers and air sliced the men's pants I couldn't help but laugh. The man stormed off along with the others. "Don't mind them they always cause trouble. So you're a magic user?" I nodded. "Than you'll want to check out a new blacksmith he make's magic weapon's and gear he's a draconian and his work is top quality." (Captain)"will go check it out. Where is he?" "Not far from here just at the edge of town you can't miss it." "Thanks." We headed off. The captain bought me some snack's on our way they where so yummy. We got to the shop and as we walked in there where armor's and weapon's of all kind's my eye's lit up. "I'll be with you in a moment." I looked around at all the amazing armor's. "Do you like?" I nodded. A large male reptile stood behind me. (Captain)"Where looking for a weapon that suit's her." "Hmm none of these will do than I would have to make one from scratch same with armor." "How long will that take?" "About a couple day's at most." "Than we'll return when your finish." "Vary well I'll send word once I'm finished." I was lost...but that's okay... "Captain where to next?" "Where meeting everyone at a tavern the rest of the crew should be their as well." I looked at him with a shocked look. (Hey captain did you know I had a dual with a dragon caster?) (Really?) (Ya haha I totally lost to...Hey I have a request.) (What is it?) (Do you think you could save her? When we fought she looked happy but something deep down she seemed lonely the only time I saw her truelly smile was in our dual...I couldn't set her free...) (Oh? Sound's like fun stealing a woman's heart is one of many treasure's.) "Captain. Captain!" (Captain)"Sorry I was just deep in thought." "Well where here." We went inside he introduced me to the girls of his crew some where around my age. The captain went off to meet the other's in a room up top they could still keep an eye on us... "So what do you think?" "About the girl?" (Aric)"She's skilled in both magic and swordsmanship." (Captain)"Something seemed off though... She said she wasn't at her best." (Aric)"But she was keeping up with you." He swished around the glass of beer. (Captain)"She wasn't useing magic in her sword." "Look's like we'll find out. Look." (Captain)"Those guy's again...let's watch for now." The man challenged me to a dual of course I accepted one of the girl's threw two dagger's my way. "Kick his butt!" I caught them looking closely they where magic blade's. "Thanks. Wow these are perfect!" "Your captain must be a coward if he's just going to watch you get pumled." "Not really I told him not to help me next time I mean how else will I get to fight." I spinned the dagger's around the blade's facing my elbows. The man came at me I blocked and dodged his attacks. "Are you just going to dodge me?" I blocked again but blades came out of his side arm's knocking me back. The man laughed and started to insult my new friend's I stood their the blades down by my side. "Can't speak huh?" I sighed. I chanted as water surrounded the blades. "It's one thing to insult me but never insult my friend's..." I crouched into a striking stance. "A little warning... Don't blink." In one swift move I was behind him his clothes shredded even the hair's on his skin was shaved. I let out a deep breath and handed back the dagger's. Everyone was laughing cause he had no clothes on now."That was amazing!" "Thanks though that was just 1% of my magic...I was just mad. I'm going to go clear my head." I walked out and headed towards the dock's. (Crystal)"Wait up for me!" I turned around and crystal was running towards me. (Crystal)"Where are you going?" "I thought I'd go for a swim." (Crystal)"Mind if I join you?
