Lady rose I have your dress ready. He knocked again on the bathroom door. The shower was running Sebastian came in and saw me sitting against the shower wall the water was washing the blood from all the knife wounds he put the dress down and tended to me. (Sebastian)"More assassins?" I nodded flicking my tail...he leaned in and kissed me so that my would heal faster. (Rose)"Sorry..." (Sebastian)"Don't be I'm more than your butler plus you can't kill me by taking some energy." I chuckled. He helped me up once all my wounds healed. "Your grandfather would have me burned if anything happened to you." (Rose)"He can over worry plus I wouldn't let him." I smiled as he helped me get dressed. "Has the party started?" (Sebastian)"Soon my lady. Shall we?" He bowed. "Let's go." We headed out when the door opened a man with long black hair and an old but formal attire walked passed but than he stopped in front of us. Sebastian stood ferm behind me and bowed. The man had a woman bodyguard. He bowed. "Good evening my lady?" (Rose)"Rose and you are?" He chuckled. "Alexander van bloodborn. May I escort you to the main event?" I curtsied. He smiled and held out an arm witch I took gracefully. There where many creatures here including humans mostly wealthy and well known even the vampire council is here and kings... When we got to the main room there was still people showing up. The elf king walked up to me. (Oberon)"Ahh princess Rose a pleasure seeing you again." I bowed. (Rose)"King Oberon it's so good to see you as well how is your daughter?" He smiled. "She's as feisty as ever but she is doing well thank you." "Princess Rose I bet you finally considered my proposal?" Damian...King of demons. (Rose)"I'm not here for marriage." He crossed his arms and grind. (Damian)"You'll come around sooner or later." He bowed and walked away. I growled under my breath... I sighed than smiled. (Sebastian)"Shall we keep going?" I nodded than curtsied to Alexander and Oberon. (Rose)"I hope to see you both again soon." Alexander bowed and so did Oberon. My two brothers where waiting along with there wife's. "You made it little sister." (Rose)"Yes though I almost fell asleep getting ready." They laughed. Everyone was bickering amongst each other I knew why everyone was here... Their was a rumor about a king looking for his queen but that wasn't all who ever it was would have anything and everything so they say but I think it's more than that... I once had a vision of it and somehow word got out. "Sister if you need to rest than by all means go rest." (Rose)"I might..." I whispered into Sebastian's ears. "Stay with my brothers please." "You intend to keep them away?" I nodded and left. They could handle anything but it would cause trouble. I walked back to my room and jumped out of the window... I ran through the woods and made sure they followed behind me I ran quite far when a castle appeared I ran inside since no one was guarding it. Or so I thought I was knocked out from behind. 
