I darted towards him and we locked in combat for some time now he kept insulting my friends my rage was on its last end. “You have no idea who your missing with.” In a heart beat I started changing to a beast like form  with huge wings, claws, and fangs. “What the hell are you?” “Just someone you really didn't want to tick off.” With a flick of my tail I sent him crashing into the floor exhausted I changed back to my human form and rested against a pillar than out of the shadows I heard Alexander's voice calling out for me I replied. “ Not a scratch on you.” He looked at me. “You have beautiful eye's.” I blushed ad looked away. “I'm glad your okay.” “Thanks seems like you are as well... Sorry I shouldn't have played into their trap.” “Don't worry about it also I managed to grab your bags.” Alexander helped me up and he showed me the way out  he talked while I just listened Alexander said we could stay at his mansion while we searched the ruins when we got back Sophie and Sonya jumped into me  hugging me tight. “You had us worry!” “Sorry.” “I know your able to handle yourself but we still worry about you.”  “Right I'm sorry I'll be more careful.” “Why don't you lady's go take a relaxing bath we'll take your bags to your rooms.” “We will thanks.” Sonya took her hand off from my back with she felt something wet  she looked at her hand and it was red. “Alexis your bleeding!” “Huh oh ya so I am.” “Your just now realizing... hey.” I started to black out“Take her shirt off.” Alexander looked at the girls who where in a panic but Sonya did just that. “Get me some rags with water quick!” “Right away Master.” We all cleaned the blood off  and wrapped the wound Alexander carried Alexis to an empty room and laid her on the bed and covered her up. “You to go wash up and get some rest.” They nodded and went to wash up. “What are we going to do it's not healing like it does.” “We'll just have to wait and see the wound wasn't a knife wound its probably cause she had to transform that's the only thing I can think of  and she heals slower.” “Lady's when your done with your bath I'll have some warm milk and oatmeal ready for you when your out.” “Okay.”
While Sophie and Sonya drank milk and ate Alexander sat on the edge of the bed I was sleeping in he stared at me. He whispered in my ear. “Why do you put yourself in harm's way?”  He left the room silently. I was dreaming I kept on running  everywhere I turned was pitch black all I could see was my reflection underneath me it was my dragon form I kept on running till I saw my friends but no matter what I did they seemed so far away my body felt hot than everything became darker but I kept hearing a voice In the distance it wasn't Sophie's or Sonya's  it sounded familiar  though a soft male voice. I finally opened my eye's sitting next to me was Alexander looking out the window. “Good your awake.” “How long was I out for?” “A phew day's you came down with a fever but it finally broke the doctor said you should be fine ow but you still have to rest and eat something.” “What about Sophie and Sonya?” “Their fine they been working in the ruins and keeping an eye on you but their asleep right now shall I wake them?” “No let them sleep.” “Mind if I ask you something?” “Sure.” You three seem really close how did you meet?” “Well it was awhile back but I was hired to protect a group of archeologists  I stayed with the newbies that was Sonya's group Sophie was in it as well everything was going smoothly least that's what I thought when one of the groups uncovered a hidden room  their where tons of books and in the middle an artifact everyone was thrilled.” “You weren't?” “ Ya  the room gave off a creepy feeling  I mean sure it looked fine but something about it well didn't sit right  Sonya felt the same way so she kept to the books and kept her distance everyone celebrated and passed out that's when I heard Sophie scream some of the crew was acting strange and the necklace was gone I told Sophie and Sonya to stay with me than I found a hidden passageway I told them to hide until I came back and told them to cover their ears and eyes. I made up my mid to protect them even if that meant staining my hands with their comrades...” “Did you find out what happened?” “Ya the amulet possessed its wearer and any who touches so I cut it in half and destroyed it though everyone didn't remember what happened except Sonya ad Sophie we agreed to say thieves came in and went on a rampage only a few died and that's how I became their body guards since than they still wanted to see ruins but they also wanted to protect artifacts not just because of their value but because some are quit dangerous.” “Is that why you go so far to protect them?” “I don't know my body just moves on its own when ever their in danger though that's no excuse for leaving you behind.” “I was fine but you placed yourself in danger.” He looked at me with sad eyes. “I had a wife you remind me of her.” “What happened?” “She died protecting this village.” “Oh I'm sorry. Now I feel like an idiot...” “Don't be it was along time ago I'll go have my butler make you something to eat you should rest after wards.” “Alexander to that question earlier I think if I lose those too that something inside would break that's why I go so far that's all.”  After I ate I fell back to sleep I was in a ballroom full of people than I saw two people who where dancing in the center  they looked happy I couldn't look away as they kissed each other while they danced  tears ran down my cheeks  than my chest started to hurt when I woke up Sophie  fell asleep on my chest. “Sophie wake up your hurting me.” “Alexis I'm so sorry  I was so worried about you I must of fell asleep on you huh why are you crying?” “I just had a strange dream is all.” “Well I'm glad your okay Sonya's making breakfast.” “Sounds good. I'm going to walk for a bit.” “Okay I'll come get you when it ready.” I got up and got changed  I walked the roads quit a ways and ended up at the ruins. “Alexander huh he's a strange one.” I took a deep breath and let it out slowly  the breeze felt great I fell asleep against one of the pillar. “Alexis wake up you'll catch a cold if you sleep out I the open like that.” I yawned. “Sorry the wind felt great.” “You always do that come on Breakfast is ready.” I walked behind Sophie. “Hey Alexis what do you think of Alexander?” “He's interesting why?” “I see the way he looks at you I think he likes you.” “Well he has been starring at me a lot but that can't be.” “Why not is it so hard to believe someone might actually like you I mean he did stay by your side the whole nights you where asleep.” “You know I don't know anything about that kind of stuff...” “He-he.” “Whats that look for?” “Nothing. Come on lets eat I'm starved.” We sat at the table and waited Sonya brought in breakfast and sat with us. “So what did you guys find out in the ruins?” “Not a lot though their really old  and their was a really big battle along time ago and we haven't seen any relics.” “What about the catacombs?” “Well they go pretty far but some is really unstable so we didn't search those.” “Alright.” We ate breakfast Sophie and Sonya headed out to the ruins and I took a long hot bath. “What's wrong with me why did I say that to him of all things.” To a dragon our life span lives on for eternity. I shook my head and went under the water. After I got out of the bath I got dressed and went to the ruins just to watch the breeze swept through my hair both Sonya and Sophie worked until sun down. “Hey you to let's head back! Come on guy's its getting dark.” I walked through the ruins but they where no where to be found than I saw the place where I fell in it looked pitch black before I was about to fall in Alexander grabbed my hand. “What are you doing your going to fall.” He pulled me back. “What where you thinking?” “I...I Can't find Sophie or Sonya.” “Take a deep breath and calm down  where was the last place you saw them?” “I saw them go into the ruins but they won't answer me.” “Than lets go find them together.” I nodded we searched every where above but they weren't here so we headed for the catacombs. “What's at the end of these catacombs?” “A sealed door it's been their for as long as I can remember.” “You don't think that's where they'll be do you.” “Its possible but no one in their right mind would my wife told me that a demon was sealed their that's why she died protecting it.” “Than let's hope its still sealed.” We ran to the end the place was lit and huge doors where at the end on the floor was Sophie and Sonya. “This isn't good some how we have to get them without breaking that seal though it might be to late.” “Why do you say that?” “They both wouldn't come down here on their own so something lured them here.” Evil laughter filled the catacombs  it made my hairs stand. “I'm guessing that's not something you wanted to here.”  “Nope.” “Soon I'll be free and theirs nothing you can do about it!” “Why does everyone say that...” “What can we do to reseal the door?”  “I'm starting to like this village I won't let a demon ruin it or take my friends.” “What can you do.” “I think he's mocking you.” “Well first.” I blushed and ran up to Alexander and kissed him before I could back away he held me close ad deepened the kiss  my whole face turned red. 
