Hey Alexis when are you going take time off your job? "When theirs no More..." "Come on tonight where going to the club i told you about than you can go work."(Alexis)" Fine but I'll pay this time."Cassidy and I got clothes out for tonight than we headed out to shop. "Hey Cassidy where is this club your wanting to go to?" (Cassidy)"Right I should tell you since your the one driving."I nodded. I grabbed my keys to my raven motorbike.(Alexis) "Hey don't forget to grab the helmets." (Cassidy)"Their in your room right?." "Ya they should be on my dresser." Cassidy went to my room she looked and found two helmets on my dresser next to an old photo in it was me and my trainer.(Cassidy)"Got them lets go have fun!"I smiled Cassidy gave me my helmet. "Maybe will find some cute guy's while where their..." (Alexis)"Cassidy!" "What you need a guy in your life I theirs a guy out their that can handle you and your life style." I rolled my eye's but i know she's just looking out for me. I smiled.(Alexis)"Come on let's go and injoy ourselves before i get called in for work."Cassidy giggled and shook her head.We headed out we drove through the city night it was amazing Cassidy signalled where to park it was a nice place sort of dark and really for a club.We parked and headed in their was alot of people i gave a nervous smile.(Cassidy)"Dance and have fun while i get us something to drink."I nodded i really didn't want her to leave. I sighed but started to dance i could feel someone staring you would think my tail was out or something at least i hope not. Cassidy finnaly came back. She took my hand and handed a drink she brought me to a table with two guy's. (Cassidy)"Come on they wanted to meet and chill." One smiled the other was drinking they both where well built but they pale skin one had blond hair the black. I growled really low so Cassidy wouldn't hear but the guy black hair chuckled.(Alexis)"Fine but only one drink im still on call you know."Cassidy nodded with a big grin. "I'm Damian and this is..." He put his drink down."Names Sabastian." (Damian)"And who's this lovely lady you brought with you?"(Alrxis)"Alexis."(Damian)"Well Alexis I hope your injoying tonight?" I blushed their voice was so sexy but also frightning.I nodded.(Damian)"Glad to hear that why don't you have a seat." We both sat down we all where talking and having a good time Cassidy drank to much and passed out when my phone buzzed wich woke Cassidy up.(Cassidy)"Already..."I nodded i could see her face she maybe drunk but i know that look.(Alexis)"I'll be back i promess try not to go home by yourself." I tried to reasure that i would be fine but she smiled and away i got up and exscused myself. I left on my bike in a hurry and met up with my squad my job was dangerous and ever since Cassidy lost her brother she's been looking out for me.(Alexis)"Whats the status?" "A bomb went off at a hospital they need you on rescue and the rest put out those fires! Alexis let put this on you before ypu change it wont completly protect you but should help." I nodded and stripped almost naked while my commander rubbed some looked like lotion he traced an old scar on my back. "good to go be catefull." I nodded and changed into a wolf my coat was white as snow i took off to find anyone who needed help after putting on a harness first that way no one gets scared the sprinklers kicked in while i was tracking more people. Last ones whete kids stuck in a room i managed to get to the room through a vent but boy was it hot a nurse was trying to keep the kids calm but i could tell they whete really frightened so i nuzzled them and let them touch my fur letting them know it would be alright i heard my commander saying the floor was blocked i had to find a way to get these kids out safely i looked around when i saw the window that gave me an idea i just got to break it.i stood up and walked over to the window i pawed at it till i got the nurses attention. "What is it girl?" "I think she has a plan miss nurse." I nodded i pushed the kids to hide while i through my body ahaisnt the window it really hurt but i had to keep it up i could hear the kids chearing while the nurse kept their heads down. on break. I heard it crack one more push. With all my strength i slammed into it with all my might the glass shattered i yelped from shard fragments i looked below and rescue was ready down below the kids where still scared the nurse picked one up and told them it would be alright just think of it as a ride a bounce house one by one i nudged them to window. They all jumped the nurse was last one before she could help me i heard the door crack from the flames preasure so without second thought i pushed her out of the window i watched her get to safety but i had no strength left i laid on the floor exhausted.(Alexis you mustn't give up) but im so tired...(But you promised you would take care of Cassidy and my brother didn't you?)I chuckled my vision was starting to fade in the distance i heard voices one was my commamders voice. I looked he was carrying me to a van."Easy here drink some water."He handed me some water."Your lucky we got you out of their."(Alexis)"How...did..." "That doesn't matter your safe and alive why dont you go home and have a few days rest i already called Cassidy someone took her home why dont you do tje dame." I nodded i got changed though my whole body hurt when i got home and opened the door Jake was waiting.(Alexis)"Jake what are you doing here?"(Jake)"I had a hunch you needed company and boy you look like a hell." I glared but didn't have the energy to argue when i staryed to fall Jake caught me and me in his arm's. (Alexis)"Sorry..."I winched at his touch.(Jake)"Lets get you cleaned up."Jake took my clothes off and helped me into the shower.(Alexis)"Don't tell your sister please..."(Jake)"You saw him again didn't you?"I nodded.(Jake)"Thought so you two always protected each other. You know he'd want you to be happy." I cringed. "Sorry least these should heal if you tale it easy.Oh right sis said she has an inventation to a party she thought you both could go." I nodded while dozing off.Jake finished and dried me off than laid me in bed. Morning came and Jake found me in my wolf form he shook his head and smiled.(Jake)"Alexis wake up time for breakfast." I wined and rolled over.Jake hovered a piece of bacon i bolted up and snached it yum. He smile as i turned to my human form.I got dressed and headed for the kitchen it smelled great Cassidy was laying her head on the countertop with a big smile on her face. I acted like everything was fine.(Alexis)"Good morning."(Cassidy)"Good morning hehe i have great news! You remember those Guy's we met?"I nodded. "Well they want us to come to their party! And get this Sabastian is the owner of that club we went to. I hope you'll come with me."(Alexis)" Sure when is it?" She clasps her hands togeather.(Cassidy)"Tonight i know its so soon but..." I smiled.(Alexis)"I'll go..." Cassidy got up and hugged me Jake shook his head as i cringed. I ate and laid on the couch for the rest of the day. Cassidy came back with dresses in her hand she had a black dress with red outlining she knew my favorite color's but a dress.(Cassidy)"I know what your thinking but it's just for tonight okay?" I sighed.(Alexis)"How am i suppose to get us their?." She giggled.(Cassidy)"Damian's friend is going to pick us up. So get ready." I nodded and took the dress and scampered to my room. I got undressed I sighed at my scar on my back as i put the dress on i knew i was going to wear a jacket i dont mind scars but this one was a big reminder of what happened. I got ready my hair was tied up my hair was pretty long with i had to dye it black it use to be silver white. Cassidys jaw dropped.(Cassidy)"You should wear dresses More often." I rolled my eye's when the door rang.(Cassidy)"Coming!" Sabastian came in he looked different his eyes was more gentle and he looked amazing. You know it was syrange but Cassidy never seams interestrd in them but both Damian and Sabastian kept staring at me.(Alexis)"I'm going to get my jacket..."(Cassidy)"Oh no you don't not this time!"Cassidy took my arm and headed out the door Sabastian quickly got out of the way he saw my pained look. He quickly opened the doors to his nice car. We got in and Sabastian drove for awhile till we got to mansion outside of the city it was beautiful. He pulled up he got out and opened our doors i could tell alot of people came Sabastian helped us out of the car and took our arm's he was really carefull with me. We walked into a huge room Damian was their greating his guests than his gaze caught mine he came over.(Damian)"you both look beautiful I'm happy you could make it."(Alexis)"This is really amazing place you have." He smiled.(Damian)"Thank you my dear but it doesn't compare to yours." I blushed Cassidy giggled and nudged my my side i cringed than smiled at Cassidy. Damian held out his hand i hesitated but than i placed my hand in his and he gently took me to where everyone was talking. They looked rich as we talked I felt happy sure a bit overwhelming but happy was it because two guy's stood next to me like... Than reality hit me is it wrong to love two guy's even if they make me feel this way.(Damian)"I hope your having fun?" I nodded and smiled.(Cassidy)"I just hope you dont get called..."(Alexis)"Actually my boss gave me a few days off."(Cassidy)"No way really!" While Cassidy was having her moment Damian and Sabastian both gave me their numbers. A woman walked up."Your smothering the poore thing."(Damian)"Lillith how are you tonight?"(Lillith)"I'm fine thank you." Who is this wait why should i care who this is a party ug. We visited and had a great time but i was getting tired.(Damian)"Why dont take the girls home Lillith can you keep an eye on the party?" She nodded and smiled. Damian and Sabastian took us home Jake was their waiting.(Cassidy)"Looks like my brother is still awake." Damian walked us to the door.(Damian)"I hope you Lady's had good time i hope we will see you more." He looked at me as he kissed my hand i nodded and blushed.(Jake)"Come on sis we should get going."Jake took Cassidys hand and left before i could say anything.I sighed.I said goodnight to Damian i closed the door all of a sudden my whole hurt it felt like i couldn't stay awake the whole room started spinning i fell on the wooden floor. Damian and Sabastian rushed in and found me laying on the floor passed out.(Damian)"Shes burning up..." Damian picked me up and carried me to the bath room and turned on the cold water in the shower Sabastian helped take off my dress they saw everything was trying to heal except one scar  Damian brushed my hair.(Sabastian)"How is she?"(Damian)"Her fevers getting worse lets try and find something to cool her down with."Damian shut the water off. (Sabastian)"This is killing me can't we do something..."(Damian)"I know but we have to stay calm..."A growl came from behind them they turned around they saw big white wolf stareing them down it was panting and growling Damian and Sabastian looked at each other.(Are your really going to attack them Alexis snap out of it.) Damian got closer and rubbed my muzzle Sabastian rubbed my back i whimpered than laid down.I changed back to human Damian felt my head it was cooler he picked me up.(Alexis)"Arent you afraid?" They smiled and shook their head Damian carried me to bed Sabastian was right behind us. I blushing.(Alexis)"Is it wrong to love two guy's?"(Damian)"No its not wrong its what we both want."Damian kissed my lips passionately he broke off than i felt Sabastians lips his tongue slipped passed my lips while Damian kissed my neck. (Damian)"Will be gentle tonight. For now rest and let us take care of you." I knew what they where but their eye's wanted me not just for a meal tjey where kind loveing and possessive i wanted them i nodded and started to drift off sleep while Sabastian let Damian kiss me deeply. When i woke up i was in my wolf form laying on my back Jake was their with a piece of bacon. I snached it.(Jake)"Looks like your feeling better Damian called me said you had a fever your lucky they stayed with you."He looked at me with his hand on his hips."Well better get up to eat but not like that." I changed back to human. I yawned than it clicked those two where here... I got dressed and headed to the kitchen Jake was cooking but Cassidy wasn't here.(Alexis)"That smells great! Where's Cassidy?"(Jake)"Working she was going check on later." Jake looked at me.(Alexis)"Whats that look for?"Jake shrugged.   
