We arrived at a party for one of the most richest guy's in the city the strange part it was mostly girls...Ok maybe not so strange for a guy. While I was looking over the spread I over heard him and his buttler talking they where whispering about shifter's. I looked around to see who they where talking about but I dont think evan they knew given that they where looking at all the girls. I sighed when the girl next to me handed me a piece of paper it was folded neatly she got up when I didn't read it right away. The man who was talking to his buttler sat on the other side of me I smiled while slowly on wraping the note under the table. I started to read it the first part didn't make any since told me to kiss her... than it said to kiss her infront of our hosts father to make him mad than a warning but I shook my head and crumpled the paper. The man next to me smiled and started to talk to me I smiled back his buttler brought a case over. "Master Damian I brought these for you." He nodded and opened it up I saw a ring with strange markings he took it out. (Damian)" I wander if this would fit you my dear. May I?" I nodded and held my left hand out. He carefuly sliped the ring on one of my fingers. (Rose)" Is that a family heirloom?" He chuckled. "I suppose it is." I blushed than I started to feel a little light headed I started to faint Damian cought me everyone looked worried. (Damian) “Easy she probably got overwhelmed I think I'll take her to one of our guest bed rooms. Everyone please continue.” Is this it for me... Did he figure out what I am? Damian carried me out tears started to run down my cheeks. Damian gently laid me on the bed. (Butler) “ What should we do sir?” Damian wiped the tears away. (Damian) “Looks like she was poisoned... What's this? A note. Sebastian.” He nodded and took the note with gloves on he opened it up and read it to Damian. “Oh dear that sounds like this Young miss got in the middle of ….” “Don't say it....” Damian rubbed his forehead. “We better go find who ever gave her this note...” Damian and Sebastian left the room. The girl came in through the window. She walked to the edge of the bed and leaned over me. “I tried to tell you... I'm sorry to get you involved but I can't have you ratting me out...” I opened my eye's all I could see was a blur. (Rose) “Why?” She looked at me. “It's nothing against you I just needed their eye's on you that's all....” (Rose) “You thought since where both shifter's that I would be perfect is that it?” I laughed the girl didn't know why I was laughing. “What's so funny your going to die you know that right?” (Rose) “ It's true where both shifter's how ever there's a big gap between you and I.” The girls eye's widened when I pulled the covers off me and got out of bed my bones twist and reformed I started to change. “Are you insane!”
I growled changing into a white tiger though not your normal size I roared which made the girl run out the door calling for help. “Theirs a beast on the loose! Somebody please it tried to attack me!” The girl ran into the room where everyone was in. The girls stopped what they where doing I walked in the girls where about to scream when Damian stepped in. (Damian) “I apologize I was saving my friend till the end of the party she's quiet tamed there's no need to panic.” I sat down yawning Damian rubbed my head I started to purr when the girls saw this they where relieved they joined in. The other girl made a fuss and stormed out after the girls had their fill of petting me I slipped out in persute of the other girl. I Caught up to her and their was a man right behind her looked like she bumped into him I could smell he was a shifter to by the scent he was a wolf. (Damian) “  Aric you made it!” (Aric) “Wouldn't miss your party though sorry I'm late got caught up in family again.” (Damian) “Glad you could make it. Oh could you grab that girl while your at it?” Aric took her wrist, I walked towards her changing back slowly. (Rose) “The difference between you and I  is...” I smiled and shifted into a wolf than into a lioness than back to human. “My forms are endless.” “But your  poisoned...” “Oh well that's another matter I wont die just a fever is the worst I'll get but can't say the same for you...” I started to black out Damian caught me. (Damian) “Could you take the girl down stairs while I take this one back to bed?” Aric nodded. While Damian took me back to the bedroom I was in he saw that the ring he put on my finger was still their he smiled than wrote down his cell number on a piece of paper and put it in my hand than walked out of the room... 

                                                                            Chapter two

I woke up an hour later with the paper in my hand still I chuckled when I saw his number written on it I left early before anyone would notice. I stopped by my room mates Condo to change. Good thing he's at work... I dropped the key's on the counter  grabbing my cell phone from my pocket I added the number Damian gave me at first I wasn't sure if I should text him after everything that happened... I laughed than sent him a short message than took my clothes off and started up a hot bath I put the phone on the counter next to the tub as I got in it felt like heaven washing over my body the scales shimmered in the water. Of coarse poison wouldn't kill me dragon's are immune well to most... I soaked into the hot water when my phone went off I grabbed it and looked... He returned my message. “Hey glad your alright hope you had a great time. Sorry about the poison earlier. Hope to see you again soon.” I smiled and replied “No worries I'm fine and yes I had a blast at your party. Smiley face.” And sent now to relax. I finished up and got clean clothes on. Than another message popped up. “Would you like to join me at my friends club tomorrow night? My treat.” “Sure I would love to. What should I wear?” “Great dress would be fine. I'll meet you at the blood moon night club do you know where that is?” “Yes I do.” “Great I'll see you at 9:00pm than.” “Sounds great see you than.”  Wait did I just agree with one of the hottest and richest guy... I started to blush. I shook my head. Get a grip he did just see you change.... I went through my closet to see what I could wear tomorrow I saw the black dress with red outlining. Perfect! Good thing I don't work tomorrow and I think I only have two classes. I yawned.
Time to watch a movie than bed. I laid on the couch and watched a good werewolf movie than headed to bed. Morning came and my room mate woke me up for breakfast. “Good morning I heard you had a rough night.” (Rose) “How did you hear that?” He smiled. “I heard from one of my friends who was working that night he said he saw you pass out at the table.” “Oh ya... Well I'm fine now though I am starving.” He laughed. “Alright foods ready.” (Rose) “ Thanks Jake.” We ate breakfast and I headed off to the collage campus I got to my class and sat down. Hours passed by this time we wrote a program and decoded another program for a business. Afterwards I headed back to take a shower and get ready when I was about to enter the shower I got a text from Damian.(Hey can't wait for tonight I know I said I'd meet you their but I would rather pick you up.) (That's fine heres my address oh my room mate might answer the door he'll let you in while I take a shower.) (See you soon.) (See you soon.) I told my room mate that Damian would be over. He gave me smile and told mevto go shower. I rolled my eye's and closed the door. I took my clothes off and stepped into the shower I turned on the hot water. I closed my eye's as the water washed over my body my scales shimmered.(Jake)"Hey Rose that guy's here!" (Rose)"Okay I'll be right out!" I turned off the water and dried off Jake already put my dress in the bathroom I chuckled and got dressed. I opened the door and saw the guy's talking. "Can one of you help me?" Damian smiled and got up and came over to help me. (Damian)"You look amazing tonight." (Rose)"Thank you." I turned around so Damian could zip me up he paused I think he was staring at my dragon tattoo it was a small tribal dragon tattoo on my left shoulder blade. He zipped me up and smiled. I felt myself blushing. (Damian)"Ready?" I nodded. (Jake)"Have fun." Damian took my hand and walked me to his car.
