A friend of mine invited me to a Halloween party. Claire and I was dancing. This was a small town so everyone knew just about everyone. "Hey Claire did you hear theirs someone moving in that manor." (Claire)"I heard. Who would move their?" "No clue." Claire and I went outside. Claire whispered. (Claire)"I had a dream again..." Claire's family is a clan of people who is a shape shifter. This town maybe small but it hides alot. I lived here since I was a baby Claire's family took care of me. "We should go home maybe your mom would know." We headed out when two guys came up to us one looked drunk the other really creepy. Great who invited them...? "Leaving already?" He grabbed Clair's wrist. (Claire)"Ow let go! We don't want anything to do with you!" The other guy circled around. "Why don't you leave those young lady's alone." "Huh who are you?" Their was a group two females and three guy's. They looked young and beautiful... Could they be knew around here? The one in the front had short black hair with silver eye's. "It's rude not to introduce yourself first is it not?" Claire and I giggled the man got really mad and threw Claire down. That's it! I back kicked the guy flipping him backwards. His drunken buddy tried to come at me but I dropped than came up my palm was really close to breaking his jaw when it caught him off balance he fell wetting his pants. (Claire)"Rose I think you went a little to far again..." The guy next to the one who came to help held his hand out to claire. "Are you alright?" Claire nodded. He helped her up. "Looked like we weren't needed." (Rose)"And you are?" "Damian and they are my family we just moved here." (Rose)"I see. Well welcome to our small town witch anything can happen." The man smiled. (Damian)"Would you know of a place to go hang out?" (Rose)"Sure theirs a bar not to far from here or the café there open still." (Claire)"Rose we should really get home before the next party." (Rose)"I know. It was nice meeting you, but we should really get home." We said goodbye and started walking than I just remembered something... I ran back and handed a paper to Damian. (Damian)"What's this?" (Rose)"Where haveing another party later it's in an a house in the forest since its Halloween and all. If you want to come that is.Well see you!" I ran back to Claire. We got home to get ready. After getting dressed we left for the cabin. Everything was ready to go and a phew showed up. We had music going and was chatting while waiting on more to show. Than later Damian and his family arrived. (Rose)"Hi guy's glad you made it! Come on in." I introduced them to everyone. We danced. I went to the kitchen to get more snacks and make more drink's. Damian and one of his sister's came in. (Damian)"Would you like some help?" (Rose)"Sure I'm just making some more snacks and drinks. "I can help with the snack's." I smiled. (Rose)"Thanks!" "Do you always throw party's here?" (Rose)" some times though I do live here so it's nice to have company." Damian helped with the drink's. Once we where done we headed out where everyone was. Everyone was having a good time. (Claire)"Hey Rose who's going to do the test tonight?" "Test?" (Claire)"Yes every Halloween we go out into the forest to an abandoned grave site we go as a group but one stays behind." (Damian)"Really? Isn't their wild animals about?" Claire chuckled. "The wild animals is the least of your worries mate. Being possessed by a ghost or other thing's." "Ya like a spirit fox or wolf." Everyone looked at me. (Rose)"What?" "Nothing..." "Sound's fun right brother." (Damian)"Yes it does." (Claire)"Hehe does that mean you'll join us?" They nodded. (Claire)"Good than you can stay behind with Rose it is her turn." (Damian)"Okay." We cleaned up than headed into the forest. (Claire)"Did you know that an ancient creature sleeps under the graves?" (Damian)"No what kind of creature?" "Some say a vampire king..." (Rose)"Ya and who ever wakens it will be consumed till he finds a bride." (Claire)"Don't forget the rain of terror part..." "Sounds terrible." "It's not all bad legend has it a wolf protects the forest's and the village." (Rose)"Where here." "Is it safe to go in?" I nodded. We entered the gate's a cold chill blew over everyone. "This place is creepy..." I smiled. (Rose)" It can be but as long as you dont come here on a full moon you should be fine. That story is half true their is a guardian here but we don't know what it's guarding..." The other's left as we found a spot to rest. (Rose)"Theirs another story about the vampire. It's said he had a wife and once stayed away from the village but when she passed away no one knows what happened but he was barried here in a tomb." (Damian)"And the wolf?" I giggled. (Rose)"I think she watches over the king..." (Damian)"I bet she fell in love." (Rose)"Maybe..." I blushed. Damian's sister's cleared their throat. (Rose)"Sorry. Welcome to our little town." I smiled. "I hope you like it here." I stood up. "Could you wait here please? I got to go pay my respect to someone." (Damian)"Sure." I walked off towards the back where a tomb lies I walked in and closed the door. In the middle was a stone coffin I placed a rose on top... I changed into a white wolf throwing my head back and howled. Damian and the other's listened. After I finished I changed back and headed to the others. (Rose)"Sorry about that." "Did you pour your heart out?"I smiled and nodded. (Damian)" So what do you do here?" (Rose)"We light candle's for the people here than we can leave." "So are their any ghost here?" (Rose)"Oh that? Ya but their mostly friendly they just like to scare people. Sorry about that." "It was fun." "Ya." (Damian)"Need help with the candles?" (Rose)"Sure.  
