Children here are my age right? "Yes little one. Like you they are also force sensitive." I clasped my ear's with my small hands and tears ran down my cheeks. "Why does it hurt so much?" She held me her arm's. "I know it's hard when you can hear the planet and it's people, for now go meditate with the other's alright?" She wiped away my tears I sniffled and nodded. I ran off to the other's. I crossed my legs. My body felt like it was floating in space...  A figure stood before me. Who are you? I asked. (You can see me?) I nodded... I covered my ear's trying to drown out the screams. (Why do you turn your ear's away from the force?) It hurts... The planets in pain... I looked up the figure was closer it looked like a black sun... I blinked. As I looked in aw. "Why are you different from those around me? You're different from our teacher's... All of a sudden I heard someone calling me. " I got to go." My eye's slowly opened when my teacher saw that she sighed in relief. "What's wrong?" She patted my head. "What did I tell you about gazing in the force so long?" "I'm sorry... I was gazing at the planet..." "I know you can't help it but remember it put's a strain on your body. Why don't you rest in the med bay alright?" I nodded and slowly got up though my whole body wobbled. Someone cuaght me. "Are you alright?" I looked up, it was a man in robes I noticed he had a lightsaber. "Yes... I'm sorry." "Master you should be careful!" "Of coarse you're right ha ha. Sorry about that." "Ah Master Javari you're early." (Javari)"Yes we where in a rush we got here and thought we had time to explore..." I whispered. He was lieing well more like hiding something. I backed away and bowed heading off to the medical room. "That girl is vary smart." "I'm sorry she's stronger in the force than the other's." I laid down on one of the bunk's. "Had a tough training?" I rolled over and nodded. "Am I so different?" "Did you get a talk again?" I nodded. My friend laughed. Well not really friends but she's the only one who talk's to me. "Hey are we really safe here?" She looked at me and smiled. "The Jedi's will protect us!" I nodded but some how I knew that it wasn't okay... I took a deep breath and got up. "Going already?" "Ya just to run though and maybe some practice..." "Alright but don't over do it okay!" I nodded and walked out. I did some sword training as well as visual training. My movement's where vary fluent. "Master isn't that the girl you bumped into?" He nodded. Her movements aren't wasted... Not only that but she's wielding two vibroblades. I breathed in deep and slowly let it out with each swing. After I finished I felt two presents watching I turned around. "Oh its just you too." "Forgive us if we interrupted." I shook my head. "I was just relaxing." I bowed than left... Heading to my bunk I laid down and closed my eye's. My dream's where always about the battle's but than everything went black... It's so empty... I saw my friend smiling and laughing I called out but she didn't look at me she started to fade so did everyone else around. Wait! Don't leave please... I'm the same aren't I? I woke up breathing hard... "Wake up your going to be late for our meditation!" "I'm awake..." We got ready and headed to the center room. The Jedi's and the others where waiting. "Okay now that everyone is here. I would like to introduce Master Javari and his young padawan as well as other Jedi that came with them. They offered to help today. So pay attention and fallow there instructions." Something seemed off they talked about making our light saber's the other's where just excited to finally build their lightsabers mine had two rare crystals it was a staff that could change to two weapon's the crystals where two halves of the same. "Vary good now lets start meditation before we start training." We sat down and closed our eye's I was in my space looking down at the planet. It still seemed sad... The echoes rang in my ear's when that figure appeared again. "Your back!" (You seem happy to see me again? And yet troubled at the same time.")I nodded. "I was the only one here... Until you showed up... Not that I don't mind...As for being troubled I made my staff lightsaber..." (A staff? You don't look happy about it.) I am it's just I don't think there telling us why their really here... (And who would that be?)" Some Jedi master..." The figure came closer. (I'll be there soon.) Huh? All of a sudden I felt someone shake me awake. When I opened my eye's everything was blurry...  Teacher held me tight. "What..." "Easy you where excuasting you're life force if it wasn't for Master Javari who noticed." Tears ran down her cheeks. I can't move...I felt a sharp pain than I blacked out. The battles getting closer... "Master will that girl be alright?" "It's hard to say she's like a storm and her body can't keep up... If she can learn to still that storm than she would be fine. Anyways keep your guard up feels like something is going to happen..." "Yes mastet." I tossed in my sleep those words echoed in my mind...The figure who was a black sun I felt fear and yet excitement at the same time... Than a loud noise woke me up. Whats that sound... The teacher picked me up and carried me to where the other's where it was a small bunker in the back of the a room. "Stay here understand?" Everyone nodded. "What's... Going on?" She shook her head and closed these huge bulk door's. Some of the kids where scared but others wanted to fight. We huddled together as we heard explosion and blasters going off. Than we heard who ever they where fighting force the door open but no one could... Could they? I still had the saber I made tucked in my training clothes... The rumbling stopped. "Maybe they gave up?" I shook my head...that's the feeling I got. A red blade pierced the metal door... Than a second one pierced through the kid's started crying. They where cutting the door! Though it was slow... Than they stopped. Some stood and got there sabers ready. What's this feeling... A single strike took down the doors everyone got back. Someone pushed me to fight protect everyone... I stood their waiting when the smoke cleared there stood three men. I looked at the one in the middle he reminded me of a black sun... A black sun... The other's charged. "Wait don't attack!" To late the two used lightning and flung them back. "Your strong I bet you can take them!" "Ya!" Huh? Why... Those eye's... I took a step forward taking a deep breath I lit up my staff and took a defense stance. "Everyone get ready! I whispered to my friend. "When I have them distracted take the other's and run got it?" "What about..." "No just run when I say and find that Jedi okay." "Oh okay..." I took one last deep breath and dashed towards the middle of coarse the two me. But now they can't fight the others... I split the saber and attacked the two. (Go now hurry!) My friend told the other's I made sure they couldn't leave my area... When they made it out I stealed myself I felt my body screaming... I leaped back breathing hard... "I told you didn't I? That I would be here soon!"  "Black...sun..." The man laughed sinister like. Is this it? I can't move... No if I have to I'll... "Will you really sacrifice you're shelf for them? They didn't even stay to help. Infact they wanted you to fight by you're self." The two stepped forward... One more time that's all I need! I breathed in and out as my life force burst out giving me strength to keep fighting. I was holding my own when I got a bad feeling and it wasn't from them ether. My body stopped moving and everything went silent... "Did she croak in mid battle?" "No not quite she closed herself off so it seem like she died." "Why would..." "Finish up here..." "What about the girl?" "Bring her I did say I would come for her." He grind. Where am I? Darkness... I opened my eye's slowly.. I was in something wet... Some kind of tank...? A med bot came by... I tried to reach out when lightning shot out shattering everything including the holding tank I was in... Did... I just... "You're making a mess on my ship..." "I... Didn't... It just happened..." I looked up and what I saw wasn't the republic... but I wasn't afraid... "What are you going to do with me?" He laughed. "join the empire and train under me of coarse unless you want to be turtured?" "No I'd rather not be turtured but...Why would you want me?" "You and I are Alike though you lack training..." "Alright I'll join..." "That was fast." I looked at the sith next to him. "Good choice and not surprising ether. But let me ask you something. You knew I was comeing you even knew that something would happen and yet you never did tell the Master Jedi. Why didn't you? You could of saved all those people and your friends." "They wernt my friends I was just was told to train with them..." I looked at my hands. "Plus they didn't consider me one of them... They where different from me to loud and bright... but you your like a black sun."  "You'll still be burned." "I don't mind. They kept telling me I was like the other's heh but I knew I wasn't just the way they looked at me." "Than do you swear your absalute loyalty?" I kneeled. "I do." He grind than all of a sudden I felt his power rush over me... I was able to handle it but not for long when I blacked out... The sith next to him cuaght me. "She lasted longer than any other would have Master. I'm surprised." "She was still weakened from your fight. I want her to meditate with both of you untill shes strong enough to handle it." "Yes." "Take her to her couters first once she wakens have her train with you." He bowed and took me away. "Oh and one more thing make sure to teach her to conceal her presents first!" He nodded and continued. I was floating in space instead of watching a planet this time it was a blackest sun. It feels like I'll be ingulfed. (You musnt!) Whose their? (Turn back before it's to late!) I turned around it was that Jedi Master... He held out his hand. (Come with me away from the darkside.) Than a Presents formed behind me. (She already belongs here!) I felt him wrap around me taking into the black sun. I closed my eye's as I sank deeper. But the Jedi didn't give up he placed a barrier around me but I was still in the black sun... (Foolish Jedi are you trying to break her?) (Your the one who's endangering her! I'll protect her light no matter what!) He spoke to his two sith desciples. "I need you two to stay on guard. I must focus on getting something back." "Yes Master!" They stayed on the main bridge as ordered. It hurts... Energy swelled inside me It feels like I'm going to break... electricity surrounded my body. The barrier started to crack than Master's energy was stronger and shattered the barrier ingulfing me. My eye's and energy changed red tattoo like markings appeared all over my body. The Jedi Master woke from his meditation exuasted. "Master are you alright?" He shook his head. "I was to late to save that girl...I'll have to find another way to save her..." "Master you should rest." I woke up in a room. When I woke I felt like I knew the ship like the back of my hand while I walked the corridores. I was bare foot walking my claws shown. I heard Master's whispers as I walked. When I got closer I heard someone else. "Come in!" The door opened... Master and someone else was their... "As I was saying we haven't found anything yet but this one has been in their facility. The only problem is that Jedi..." "Getting that information would help our work go faster. If you don't mind I have my own way of getting that information." "Use her as long as it take's councillor. But I wouldn't let her slip unconscious that Jedi isn't giving up..." "Come to the holding cells." I nodded though I didn't know what they where talking about but I went with the man in armor. We got to the holding cells it was just us. "Get on that table." I got on. Restraints locked around my wrists and ankles. He started to ask me questions about the order. I answered what I could than master came in. "I don't understand what are you looking for?" (Master)"Knowledge and artifacts for the sith." "You mean like books and scrolls? Why didn't you just say so...?" "Do you know of such place?" I nodded. "I stumbled upon a room when I was trying to get away from the other's... It was a huge room full of scrolls and book's... But their was other thing's their that wasn't vary Jedi like..." I closed my eye's to see it in my mind. I was floating in space around the planet... Than I went to the planet. (You mustn't!) Why....? The Jedi grabbed my arm. But than I felt electricity throughout my body. I woke up being shocked by lightning... Than it stopped... I gasped. "Ouch!" "Well that brought her back.I'm getting tired of that Jedi..." "You're saying he's disperit in getting this one back? Master nodded. " Than let's use that to draw him out..." My shackles released than I was picked up and tossed over his shoulder... We took a shuttle down to the planet and landed in one of a sith out post. "Now call out to him and be convincing." I sighed than got on my knees, I took slow breaths and closed my eye's I was floating. Help me! Someone please! It hurts... (I'm here.) Master Jedi? (I sense you're back on the planet... Will find you I promise.) The Jedi came closer but I was shocked again I screamed in pain... (Hang on a little bit longer.)  I faded out as I fell unconscious. "That was quite the act from you're new student. Given how weaken she's become he'll try to convince her to change. Let her but only so much as where he could find her this part will have to manipulate a tad. I woke up laying on the ground... Ow my heads killing... All of a sudden lightning rain down on me I screamed falling unconscious again but I was floating in space my body hurt I couldn't move... I heard the Jedi voice it was faint. (How cruel... Even when badly hurt you're force is pouring out... It won't be long my troops and I will come and save you.) "So that's what you ment when you said she didn't need to tell where she is." "Right she's strong in the force that it gives her away. Masking her force to look like it's light is also easy... For these two. Now we wait." The two vanished and everyone else hid leaving me in the open... I was barely conscious. I heard soldiers fighting outside. The doors where sliced open with a blue light saber. Than I heard a female voice call out to me. The Jedi tried to stop her but failed... She ran to me and held me into her arm's tears ran down my cheeks. I lifted my hand electricity was formed in my hand but the Jedi grabbed her and dropping me to the ground. "You have to be more cateful! She's being controlled..." "But... She's just laying their... How could they do that to a child?" (Get ready to strike!) The Jedi's closed together. They slowly headed towards the center. M...master... Rage was surging throughout my body and power it was like an inferno. The two hidden warriors attacked so did the soldiers. The battle was fueling something inside me. Master? (Yes?)"is this what darkness feel's like? I can't hold it back..." He laughed. (Than prove yourself take out the enemy but leave the Jedi Master to us.") I stood up my eye's where slit and red my hair stood spiky my claw's grew sharper the air trembled. "Yes my Master!" I walked silence rolled over in the room when lightening ripped through my teacher. Than without pause the sith with the staff saber and I moved in synce he would block a saber and I would finish the blow with lightning. Master and the councillor watched. Two rushed at me but I grabbed their saber's bare handed I sent a surge shattering the crystals. The other's finished them off... I was fighting while avoiding the Jedi master. "Looks like she has skill for battle... Almost like you Lord Daemon. Its like a force bond but she's expanding effortlessly." Ravenous smiled. I saw I hall leading to a bigger room I leaped away from the fighting I glanced at Master on my way past two Jedi's fallowed right behind me. "Stop!" I kept going to another room... I stopped than turned around... "Master what should we do?" "Will have to bring her back to her sense's." Master and the councillor entered from another room. "You won't be fighting her." I kneel. (Councillor)"Right you'll be fighting us! Unless you want this one Lord Daemon?" He ingnited his saber so did master. "I think we could both handle them. You stay their and watch." "Yes master." I watched closely as they battled. I closed my eye's while they fought I was still watching and yet I was someplace else I saw a place with book's and scrolls everywhere. All of a sudden I was their. Huh? I looked around than at my hands. Did I just do that? I looked around. "Hey Ravenous that girls gone... But her clothes ate still their." "She's still on the planet... But her force is farther away... Let's finish this!" They both fought but the Jedi master barely escaped with his injured padawan. (Master? Master?) (Where did you go?) (I'm in some kind of library I think the one I told you about...No ones here... It looks abandoned. Except maybe beast's out side... What should I do?) (Hide you're prevents we'll meet you their.) (Yes master.) I looked around and found a book on light saber's. (Master does Jedi usely keep strange artifacts?) (No distroy them or lock them away why?") (Theirs something here... Its whispering it's like my gem's but darker...Master it's hard to resist it...) I ran out and closed the door... (I.. Got out of their and closed the door...Master hurry I can still hear it...master...) How can a saber staff talk..? I closed my eye's and I remembered what my friend use to tell me. (Did you know theirs two counter part's in everything and everyone?) (Really?) (Yup! Like light and darkness. Like when you see the force we look bright right?) I nodded. (Well maybe you're a shadow.) A shadow... I guase she was right. The whispers got louder I stood up and opened the door. The saber was pulsing and releasing dark energy. It almost looked like mine. A long staff I touched it instantly I felt my mind was taken over as I wielded the staff I waited outside the room. In a daze still holding onto the staff saber. Ravenous and the councillor showed up. (Councillor)"Do you feel that?" Ravenous nodded. They walked in slowly and alert. They came to the room I was in beast's scattered on the ground. I looked at them. "Trespassers... Are you strong?" I cluched the saber and took a stance igniting the saber. They to got ready.(Ravenous)"Hey you touched something didn't you!?" "That staff it looks ancient I sense the presents coming from it." "So that's what she ment..." I attacked our saber's clashed for what felt like hour's... "How long do you intend to fight?" "Can't I fight a little I'm already starting to get use to this saber staff...? Though taking control is exhausting..." (Ravenous)"So you said their was other's?" "Oh right... Their beyond this door." "Alright stand guard out here and leave them to us." I bowed and stood out side of the door as they entered. When the door closed I took a deep breath and looked at the saber in my hand... Geeze this thing feel's like it's digging into my hand... I saw dark energy like vains moving up through my hand... Huh Jedi's? Ouch...! Is that what you want? I took a stance and lit my staff. After a phew fight's Master and the councillor both came back out. I turned around and smiled though I was naked covered in blood. "Master! What took you so long?" (Ravenous)"The artifacts are definitely sith based... More importantly what happened?" "Oh this? Some Jedi's thought theyed test my new staff out... This thing feeds on the force way to much..." (Councillor)"So it fits you perfectly than?" I nodded with a grin. "We should get these out of here... The bigger problem is getting them out without drawing attention..." "I can draw any unwanted attention. Master witch way is the Jedi's air space dock?" He pointed west. In a blink I vanished. Master could feel the chaos in the force. "Well that's one way to cover our presents here." "Right... Let's get the ships here and loaded." Well this should make Master's job easier. "Sound the alarm! Where being attacked!" "Report!" "It's a kid.!" Blast it! Whered she come from? "That's as far as you go!" "Oh it's you. Master Jedi." "That light saber... It's already bonded...!" "You mean this? You see it kept calling out to me." "I see it's a shame I was hoping you could be saved...but it seems I have no choice...!" The Jedi took out his light saber and took an attack stance. I did the same swinging the blade cuased the air to crackle. Five Jedi attacked first. Two of Master's deciples blocked them. I dashed forward heading towards the master Jedi we clashed saber's we made a series of strikes and counter strike's than I sensed master was near I kept fighting and expanding my energy around us so he wouldn't notice. I blocked his attack. Master and the councillor came from above but one of the Jedi's warned him. He leaped out of the way... So much for that... I detached the saber and threw it at the Jedi killing them instantly than my saber returned. (Ravenous)"What's that look for?" "He ruined a perfect attack..." We attacked together in sync. (Master I sense someone strong approaching... Another Master Jedi...) (Let's go!) (Yes master) Everyone leaped into the ship the Jedi was to tired to fallow. A ship fired at ours but we deflected the blasts. After we where far enough I collapsed. Master covered me with a cloak. "That saber is a powerful relic." (Ravenous)"Yes vary it look's like it's chosen a new master." "It's a shame we couldn't find the girl before those Jedi's... Drop me off back at our base." They dropped him off and took off. We left for Master's battle ship. Master took me into the colto tank to heal and rest while they studied the saber carefully. I was dreaming of a world filled with valley's and statues. (Valley of the ancient dark Lord's. You're an interesting Master.) "What's their?" "My lord that girl vanished from the tank!" "So did the blade!" I landed in the valley still asleep. "Master wake up!... The saber manafeted as a dark cloaked spirit. "Master you really shouldn't sleep here..." The spirit entered my body and took over. He got up grasping the blade and walked towards one of the temple's once inside I regained consciousness. "Huh? Where am I? I did it again didn't I?" I sighed. I looked around as I walked. I walked into some kind of huge chamber with statues on each side. Is this some kind of tomb? Why do I get the feeling something's watching me... I took a deep breath and closed my eye's. (Master?) (Their you are...) (I seem to have traveled to another planet master... I think my blade called it the valley of the ancient dark Lord's.) (Howed you get that far?) (Well you see I was dreaming about it... And I wanted to know what was here... But my blade wouldn't so I kinda ended up here...and my clothes are still gone...) (Stay their and train and try not to get possessed.) (Yes master... Wait what!... Is that what's following me?) (Just train than when you're ready seek me out.) (...yes master.) I sighed. Well I wander who's tomb this is? Oh well... Maybe some training will do me. I took a stance as if I was holding a blade. Something snapped me out of my visual training... Someone is here... I walked towards the stone coffin... It feels like darkness surrounding me... Than I was thrown across the room slamming into the ground. I gasped... I coughed standing up I looked around... A dark figure stood before me, I couldn't speak or breath... My spirit left my body and I attacked the figure I was shocked but than I was forced back into my body... My whole body screamed out in pain! "You you're just a child." Laughter filled the chamber. "I maybe...a child...but I can still fight!" Huh? My body won't move... "You're body can't keep up." "Who... Are you?" The figure had burning red eye's though he had a masck on I could see them I could see him out of the darkness... He had marking's almost like mine... "Are you going to kill me?" "What a thing to asck with those eye's. Are you angry?" "Wouldn't you be if you had all this power and you're own body can't handle it!? Maybe I just want to be consumed by the darkness... (Master if you die now you won't be able to find artifacts.") I shot up. " You're right I still haven't read those scrolls! Wait are their artifact's here?" "You're a strange one. You're wanting knowledge?" I sat up and nodded."I'll make a deal with you let me use you're body and I'll show you how to control you're power." "Really? I don't know...wait could you train me on how to block Jedi's influence to?" "That's simple I can teach you many thing's." "It's not possession if I'm willing right? Alright it's a deal." The man entered my body I could feel an overwhelming power that wasn't my own... My eye's where burning red. The sith spirit tested out my body. "It's small but do able." A battle is raging... "Listen well meditate in the darkness of you're mind without reaching out of you're mind." I did the darkness wrapped around me all was silent. It was strange... Old memories would flash. I stood in a ruin of grass I was talking to someone... My friend. Hey are you listening? Oh ya sorry... Hearing voices again? I looked away. Come on don't look so sad I'm sure theirs something in these ruins that can help! As I stepped the scene changed to the temple yard. Why? Why did you kill her? I turned around... Why do you still look like a child? Would a child really do such terrible thing's? What are you... Well well. Master what are you doing here? That girl isn't real... Infact now I found the source of why you can't fully contain or control your power's. Master? Why are you here? You'll upset her even more! (Ravenous)" Now should an Ilusion really say such things? Huh?... Its a lie right? I felt a sharp pain in my chest... "No you musnt!" "Begone!" Ravenous shattered her like it was nothing the scene changed to a scorched planet chains appeared around my wrists and ankels and neck... the energy built up in my body was released all at once slowly my body started to mature one by one the chains started to shatter... I stood up straight my hair was long my body was fully mature. (Ravenous)" That's better theirs not a shred of lightside left." "Yes My Master." I kneeled. "Rise my apprentice. We have a battle to win." "Yes my master." I stood I could sense Master's ship. My body was now on board. I ended up in my room.
