Alexis! Hey hurry up or we'll be left behind!" (Alexis)" Why the rush th battle's still far off...! "Whernt you the one who wanted to go?" I nodded and got on with the rest of the villager's. We road for awhile stopping at a camp site full of troops. Commanding than was a sith called Darth Ravenous. I yawned as we found a place to rest. "Alexis how can you be so calm?"  I shrugged. my tail flicked back and fourth as I laid back on the rock. "Alexis come on foods ready!" "Right I'm coming..." I hopped off the rock running past a man in sith armor. I had a strange feeling but I kept on running, The man sensed it to as he looked at me. (Lord Ravenous)"Captain who's that girl?" "My lord? Oh she came with some villager's seeking a place to rest from moving away from the battles. I'v never seen her kind before though." "Have her come to my tent after our meeting." "Yes My Lord." We where eating when a solder came up to me. "Lord Ravenous wish's to speak with you." "Me?" He nodded. "Alexis what did you do?" I shrugged. "Let's go." I fallowed the man to a tent. "My Lord I brought the girl as you ordered." (Lord Ravenous)" Enter." I entered the tent...I felt like I was going to be swallowed up. I dropped to my knees. "Just as I though, You are force sensative." (Alexis)" I don't understand?" He let up on the presure I gasped and slowly stood up. "What's your name?" "Alexis my Lord." A soldier entered. "Forgive me my Lord but their are troops heading this way along with Jedi's..." (Ravenous)"Their bold to come this far but stupid... Whered that girl go?" I can't believe that...Jedi's coming so close... I sat on a larg tree branch... Where? Oh their they are... That's pretty far... If I could destract them than maybe..." I got an uneasy feeling again but this time. I looked back towards camp but it wasn't coming from their I heard my friends voice further away in a dark place...I headed their. When I got close someone stopped me. "You mustn't enter that's an evil place." A Jedi? But he's see through... I shook my head. "Move my friend's needs help!" A wave of darkness swallowed me whole the ruins shook. "I warned you..." I entered without realising it. Where am I? I saw my friend standing their almost in a daze. Something lifted me up it felt like... Something grabbing my throat... "Stop... I can't... Breath..." Everything was getting darker when I felt electricity and heat surround me...(Ravenous)"This force... Soldier what's in that direction?" "An old ruin's mostly." "Have your men be ready." "Yes my Lord."  I felt something enter my mind. (Alexis. I know you can hear me.) My...Lord? (Release your power and let the darkside consume you completely.) I curled up into a ball but I couldn't contain this feeling. I released everything...I landed  darkness surrounded me my markings glowed black as night my eye's where full of energy my body changed the rush I felt was amazing I walked out of the ruins the force fallowed visable to see. The Jedi's arrived when they where about to fight one of them stopped the rest. I appeared next to Lord Ravenous. (Jedi master)"What is this I'm sensing...? Feels like death and chaos."   
