Master I made more blades but I'm still missing crystal's. "Look's like your doing well Rose." I smiled. "I made them the same as datacron's..." "What's the issue?" "It's to strong for reguler crystal's...I can't seem to find the right balanced crystal... Master why do we fight the darkside?" "It's not that we fight it. It's just the one's useing it the wrong way is what we fight young one." "But all the Jedi says its wrong...But history said we once studied both." "Now what did we say about that." (Rose)"Yes Master." "Good now go to the temple and bring me more book's alright." "Yes Master I will." I ran off to the old temple that my Master found and has been reading its archives for some time. I felt something off and vary dark within the temple and outside the temple...When I got to the archives I sensed someone but no one was their... "Get a grip...Master said to bring her book's so I must...I really wish I had a crystal..." I sighed and gathered a phew book's. I heard foot step's from behind me. "Master?" I turned around but it wasn't my master..."Your not my Master who are you?" A man in black robes and armor drew a lightsaber but it was red... Without thinking I forced pushed the man out of the archives than closing the door's I ran out of one of the seceret tunnel's I made incase something like this happened... I must get to Master...I ran as fast as I could but when I got their I saw my master being struck down... (Rose)"Master!" Our of furry I forced pushed the man away I caught my master and held her in my small arm's. "Rose you must escape... You musn't give in...I know it's hard..." Master? Her eye's faded and her body fell limp. My eye's wen't red with rage my body had red energy like crack's flowing instead of blood it was pure energy. The planet shook and shockwaves was sent throughout the area...The two men came to when they came back all they saw was a creator and me at the center."What happened? Did that girl do all this?" The man nodded. "Don't go near her we need someone strong to go near her..." "Why it doesn't even look like she's able to move." "Look closer that dark energy would most likely rip you apart. Well if you want to risck it go ahead." "I'll pass." The man took out a communacator. "My Lord forgive me but we need your help." "This better be good." "Yes my Lord... It's hard to explaine you might want to come see." "On my way..." They waited when a ship arrived. "My Lord." A man in armor showed up along with two red guards. "What's the hold up?" "That girl my Lord..." "She went nut's...Must be because of that master of her's." I heard him talk about my Master I felt the rage boil up from within marking's covered my face my eye's slit like a reptile . "Now what?(Rose)"Leave...Leave!" "She's strugling to keep herself in control..." "Who care's." The man attacked but I stopped him in mid air "You musn't kill my young student." (Rose)"Master...But..." All of a sudden a saber went through me. I dropped the man it didn't kill me though instead my power's only grew.I clinched my fists than I forced pushed them away. "Why is it your all the same...? My father was like you but he went mad...My mother was afraid of me they hunted me down..." I collapsed and blacked out...
