Alexis come on we got to get back to taking supplies to the medical than don't forget we got to help that jedi...Alexis are you even listening? (Alexis)"Yes I'm...(I yawn) listening I'm just waking up that's all..." "I bet you where practising again whernt you?" I smiled and nodded. "Are you you shouldn't tell the jedi here I mean know your good don't you think its dangerous that you know so much without any training?" I glared at him."You know what I mean you even make your own collection of sabers..." I covered his mouth and told him to hush. Than we heard explosions the alarm sounded we rushed to our stations on our we ran into the jedi fighting a sith. While they fought the sith grind than the jedi master force pushed him passed one of the heavy doors without thinking I started to close then with the force the jedi helped before it closed completly the sith threw his saber I stopped it in mid air i looked at him and started spinning it than throwing it back at him of coarse he jumped over it i rolled my eye's as the doors finally closed i was out of breath the jedi helped me stand. "We should get moving that wont hold him for long than will talk." We nodded and ran. (Alexis)"You two keep going i'll catch up!" I went on a different path leading to my room i was shuffling to grab the light sabers i made solders opened my door without looking i lifted my sabers into the air and threw them with the force knocking them out of my room. I left the room only find the sith waiting. "Thats quite the skills to handle so many..." I smiled spinneing all of them than throwing them at him.(Alexis)"I thought you wanted that jedi?" "Whats taking so long..?" A man was behind me terrior shot through me and excitement i brought my sabers back than started to spin them really fast but i felt a sharp pain in my chest than i blacked out my sabers stopped and fell to the ground than I collapsed. "Let's go we have a jedi to capture." They left. My wound started to heal my eye's where red and slit like a beast's. "Ouch...Time to go..." I got up picking up my sabors. I snuck to one of the room's to get changed than headed to the escape pods... When I got to them most of the pods where missing or damaged...I kicked one of the pods than ran off to find another way off the ship that was about to explode... Along the way I ran into some solder's  I grind and swiftly took them down. I got to the controls what I found was that man from earlier... I slowly stepped back when the other sith came up from behind me. "Whern't you dead?" I shrugged than attacked. All of a sudden whispers entered my mind than sharp pain the other sith stabbed me with his saber when he pulled it out my wounds already started to heal... (Alexis)" That hurt's!" The escape ship left and I could sence my friend and the Jedi where on it while I was destracted I started to get get dizzy... Ug I need energy...My eye's where red I started to feed from the fallen solder's my eye's where turning blue as I was feeding from the light. than dark energy swirled around me... The energy's where from the two sith...I droped to my knees cluching my arms my eye's went back to red dropping my saber's. I shook my head and stood up. I sighed... "I really don't have time to fight...Since my companion's already left and this ship is about to explode..." Their was a loud explosion I made my escape from the two sith... Phew that was close... I looked for a ship to fly away in I found a star fighter... Perfect! When I climbed on the ship exploded knocking me back and unconsius. The Jedi and my friend found me and brought me onboard one of an empty ship. I was sweeting and thrashing about in my sleep tormented by the darkness the jedi spent the whole time trying to keep back the dark energy's till they got to an enclave... I woke up to someone checking up on me a woman... "Your awake. I was afraid you wouldn't wake up." The woman smiled placeing a cold cloth over my head. "Please don'y move for awhile you had a violent fever..." (Alexis)"Where am I?" I said faintly trying to get my bareings the woman looked at me than someone came in speaking I recongnized their voice. (Jedi)" How are you feeling?" (Alexis)"I feel like I just got ran over by a bantha..." The jedi laughed than told the woman to leave us, she bowed and left. "Tell me what happened? And don't hold back..." I sighed and got comfertable. (Alexis)"I ran to find a way off the ship... I ran into those sith at first it was just one so I thought I could sneak away but the another was waiting..." The jedi stopped me. (Jedi)"I know that's not all I felt your present vanish if only a moment... I'm sure that Master sith also felt it." I nodded. "I was fighting that one sith at first but I was caught off guard and..." I cringed rubbing my chest. "I can quickly heal any wounds I guase when that ediot pierced my chest again they forced dark energy instead... That was more painful than that explosion." "That abillity of your's is a double edge blade when you where fighting I could feel a hint of darkside inside but when I felt your life fainting I felt the Lightside come to your aid. It's not everyday you come into contact with such a gift but be werry." I nodded with a sigh. "Get some rest will talk later about this." He patted my shoulder and started walking out. "Are you sure she should be here?" The jedi nodded and asked not to talk about it at this time. After awhile of resting I started to get restless I took a deep breath and stinguished my energy though it took its toll...I snuck out of the room looking around I found my self in a small field. We've landed on a small enclave  but the planet was wasn't much abandond I'v never seen such a planet nore the energy here... their was a mixture normaly you wouldn't be able to tell but I could it was like a whisper. Maybe a walk will do me some good. I started to walk the fields not realizing how far I walked from the enclave infact I came to what looked like ruins it looked defferent than the jedi enclave I was at.The whisper's got louder something was drawing me near... I walked near the entrance the door's opened I hestated for a moment but the pull was stronger I entered... I kept walking as the doors closed the air was cold and hot at the same time I came to another door their was a present beyond the door before I could step away the door opened my thoughts where washed away by the whispers I looked around when my eye's caught a figure in the middle of the chamber. I couldn't speak."Why does a child seak answer's?" His voice sent chills down my spine it echoed in my ears... "Does it really pain you to keep away the darkside?" My heart skipped a beat... How does he know... "You cannot mask your presents from me little one." I blinked he vanished I looked around despretly I walked up to the place the man was. Or was he a man... Keep calm this isn't like you... "Do you believe that Jedi wants to help you? Didn't he decieve you on that ship?" (Alexis)" I...but I..." A wave of dark energy swept over me it was to much I blacked out. I dreamed of the past when I first discovered my power's I was alone in a village that was abandoned by the war's of the jedi's and sith raders often came by to see if any finds would show up from the storms. My first I was caugh up in one of the raiders raids beatin near death they laughed but I started to heal I stood up the raider's shocked look and fear as blades swirled around me in a swift action they fell. I woke up in a sweat my eye's where red and slit.Than I realized I was out in the fields laying down my eye's returned to normal. (Jedi)"Their you are! You'll grow roots if you sleep out here to long. " I chuckled the jedi helped me up. (Jedi)" It must be painful to have the force go through your vary being like that..." I Shrugged. "Why did you choose to be a solder?" "To be awenest I was saved by a solder... When my power's came to the surface I was living in a village by myself... That day I was caught by raider's my life was beatin out of me and left for dead...A platoon found me just standing their in a daze. They cleaned me up and took me with them.The one who was leading the platoon helped me till I was myself again and also helped me control my power's it wasn't easy feeding off just the light and guard agaisnt the dark... The more I fight the harder it is to protect myself." We walked back to the enclave a new ship arrived. "Who's that?" "A friend and a Jedi Master like myself." "Oh I see... Well I better rest some more." I waved  and went back to my room. I laid down looking up at the walls sighing... The words that man said was still rining in my ears... Why do I feel like something bad's going to happen... I tossed and turned over I started to get really tired and dozed off... I was standing alone covered in blood than a jedi showed up. "Please help me!" I cried . the jedi shook his head... Your dangerous. Huh? All of a sudden chains clasp my wrist and ankles and neck. I pleaded but no answer than I woke almost falling off the bed... Ug what's with that dream... I got up and walked around I heard two voices one I recognized one of the voice's I peaked from behind a wall. It was two Jedi's they where talking about me though it was hard to make out. "She's to dangerous what if she loses control our padawan's would be in danger..." I snuck out of the enclave sighing more ships approached. I hid to watch...Isn't that a republic transport ship? Great... I ran off whithout anyone seeing me I ended up back at the ruins... I entered the room that man was in seemed emptied... Maybe I can hide here... The air changed I rubbed my arm's..." The light is fading I can sence it..." The man laughed wickedly. I fell to my knees. "Why hesitate? Their just going to take you away and cage you.Surrender yourself completly." Is he right? I don't want to be shackled... My arms dropped to the sides I stopped shivering my body started to get hot the air was filled with electricity my eye's turned red and slit than they changed to a yellow red. Dark energy was spilling out of me I can feel power surge through me... I stood up checking myself over. "Seems our ride is here." Two sith entered the chamber they where the ones from the ship but I didn't react to their present's. "My Lord where ready on your order's." The Sith that stabbed me the first time adressed the man infront of me as if he was really important. The man stood infront of me and grind. "You'll be my chained beast and head my every command is that understood?" "Yes. I am your's to command." "Good go with these two back to the ship I will be their shortly." "Yes Master." He smiled devilishly. I went with the two sith to their small ship outside. As I stepped on the ramp to the ship i heard someone shout out. "Traitor!" I turned around. They looked like padawans I was about to step towards them when My Master told me to stop. I stopped and looked over at my Master I bowed than went inside the ship the ship took off. I sat down, I felt something I'v never felt before I could see what my Master was seeing I could feel the power comeing off from him as well. What is this feeling the rush of power... The lord infront of me smiled he could tell what I was expierencing I closed my eye's as if soaking up the power that was washing over me my body trembled with excitement. We aproached A destroyer war ship. We docked the ship the two sith headed out first than I fallowed behind them solder's where linde up one of the sith took me to Master's office and told me to stay till he came I nodded and stood their when he left I sighed. Not long have past I felt someone's present but it wasn't master's though it had a malace presents I turned around as the doors opened I could tell it was a jedi shadow trained in the art of assasination and secracy but this one wasn't vary secret about their presents one swift stroke they ran me threw I fell to my knees. The shadow jedi said something. "Don't blame me for your demise blame your new Master... " He pulled out his light saber and started looking around the office I grind as my wounds healed the jedi turned around his eye's where filled with fear as electricity surrounded me. The jedi saw me as a beast. "Wait don't kill him not yet." The Lord from earlier showed up I nodded and stepped aside when I looked away the jedi shadow pierced me again it didn't faze me. The Lord slammed him into the wall knocking the jedi out...Two solder's grabbed the jedi and walked out with him along with the Lord right behind him when they left I fell back agaisnt the wall behind me...Why is it taking longer to heal...? I closed my eye's for just a moment when a familure present entered the room. "Master..." I was about to get up but he stopped me with his hand. Dark energy flowed from him washing over me like a wave. "Still not use to healing yourself through the darkside?" I looked up at him. Before I could answer a sharp pain shot through my vary being, my Master felt it memory's flooded my mind at first it was memory's of the village I lived in but than it began to shatter. The life faded from my eye's I wasn't dead but I wasn't waking up any time soon trapped in my own darkness. The sith Darth Royu was angered while i was taken to the colto tank he stormed to the cells even behind his mask everyone stayed out of his way his fury could be felt throughout the whole ship when he got to the holding cells the sith Lord was already their with the prisner. 
  When Royu entered the cells I could tell something was wrong it wasn't often he would be this angery, it's best to stay out of his way when he's this angery he whispered to his appreantice. Darth Royu shattered the force field clunching the young jedi in mid air.(Darth Royu)"What did you do?!" The jedi knew his life was over the minute the darth lord entered infact he knew why he was angery. The jedi smiled. "Your new toy broke didn't she? Heh I won't tell you a thing..."  Royu's anger filled the room but than he smiled underneath his mask he didn't need him to speak his mind did that for him. I was in rage but I couldn't let that cloud my mind I couldn't kill this jedi not yet I could taste his fear he should be afraid. His mind gave me everything I needed to know I dropped him and gave a grin. "He's yours I have what I need." The lord bowed. Royu signaled the Lord to fallow him after raising the force cage. He did as he was told and fallowed the weight of his anger was enough to crush a planet. Darth Royu head to the med room where I was just floating in the colto tank. I saw my past but it was defferent I was standing in the middle of body's but I wasn't in a village it was a temple for young kids to be trained by the jedi... My teacher came up to me and forced me to forget... I woke up master and the other Lord was their... He smiled the light was completely gone only darkness remained. I could hear Master's whispers the water started to drain once I got out I kneeled. (Alexis)" Master..." He stopped me in mid sentance. (Darth Royu)" You will remain in my meditation chamber's until we land at korriban their you will train like the other's except I want you to learn from the sith temples when your not training with the master's." "Yes Master." He dismissed me the lord handed me black robes as I left I pulled it over me and went to Master's chamber's I knew where to go I entered his chamber's and started to meditate. My sences could feel the ship and the solder's within keeping my presents hidden like a cloak I could still hear Master's whisper's ringing in my ears... It felt like hours Master came by. (Darth Royu)" Where leaving... Come." I got up and fallowed Master. We entered a small ship bound for Korriban a sith training grounds I could feel the energy surrounded the planet. Once we landed I fallowed behind Master, the students watched with glares but I payed no mind to them. In their eye's I was just a weak new student. We got to the center of the sith temple. "Wait here." I nodded and leand up agaisnt the wall. When master left three students came up to me I paid them no away one slammed his hand on the wall. "Hey I'm talking to you!" All the student's where watching and some of the teachers.I looked into their eye's my where slit and red like a beast ready to kill the three students backed off I could see the fear in there eyes I smiled than master called for me I replied and walked away. "Master you summoned?" He nodded and closed the door with the force. "I want you to stay and train force master and the other teachers may teach you but no fighting the student's also give her tasks of searching the temple's..." "Are you sure those temples are deadly." "Yes it's better than keeping her here with the students I don't need her killing them all..." Master grind wickedly even though it's forbidden to kill students only if you get caught that is I understood this but my lust was more driven than ever master must know and by his grin he approved. "Oh any saber's you find you are forbidden to use them how ever you may fix them and bring them to the masters. I couldn't help but smile after all tinkering with saber's is what I was good at and useing them. I bowed. "Leave us I'll talk to you when where finished." I nodded and left.. I headed to where the archives where I let my sences guide me when I found the archives hardly any students where here wich fit me fine I took some books with me and scrolls and sat down as I read through the scrolls and books I felt power from them the anciant sith lords caught my interest they where a force to be reckon with not just for their power but also their stradegy. What really caught my interest was the many lightsaber's they used. Hmm a double blade, or two blades... I saw figures in the room but they where like echoes from the past I could feel the force from them than I saw a dark figure pich black he look at me and it felt like I was going to get swallowed by a black sun. Than Master snapped me out of the trance... "Master....?" I rubbed my brow. (darth Royu)"The dark forces are attracted to you. I made arrangements with a sith master for you how ever he's on a different planet scouting old jedi and sith temple's I want you to help him in return he'll train you." "Yes master..." "Something changed take a shuttle I have things I must do." I bowed as master left. Guase I should get some sleep before tomorrow..." Day broke and I hopped on one of the small space craft heading to the planet Master told me to go. I meditated, as we approached the planet I could feel multiple forces on the planet both light and dark. I grind making my presents known than vanishing my force. We arrived in front of a masive temple ruin. My body tingled. "Hey pilot you might want to take off soon... Theirs a storm comeing." The pilot nodded and lifted off as soon as I got off the ship. I felt the ground beneath my feet. Good thing I changed to different clothes... I can move easier in this." I streched I noticed only troopers around and phew other's but not the ones I needed to speak with. I walked up to a guard. "You! Where is everyone?" He stood at attention. "Sir Darth Sagus and his appreantice is in the temple ruins making sure no jedi are in their." "Jedi?" "Yes their have been Jedi causing trouble for us..." I knew I felt something... "Thanks I'll be heading their now." The trooper tried to stop me but was to afraid to move. I entered the temple as soon as I entered I could feel a battle raging on, as I walked towards the fight the walls would tremble. Their's a room up ahead...I better take a look. I entered there where two people fighting a group. One spotted me and dashed towards me a man told them not to but it was to late. I grind as many blades swirled around me, the man who called out leaped in front of the foolish warrior and blocked the in comeing blades with his lightsaber my blades fell all sliced up... I sighed. "Master blades are not the best agaisnt lightsaber's..." I could hear him laughing inside my head. My eye's lit up as the energy around me crackled. "Be ingulfed by darkness!" The Jedi Master quickly grabbed his padawan and escaped. I closed my eyes as I saw each energy both light and dark I focused everything on the light. I unleashed the energy building up and saw the light energy vanish.I opened my eye's I saw my blades lying on the ground I sighed. "You must be Darth Royu's student?" I stood up and bowed. "Forgive my intrusion but I had to release all this energy from riding on the ship for so long... Though two escaped..." "You delt quiet a blow to their number's." A man with black and red robes stepped forward he had a mask.He was diffenitly the Master here he's the one who first spoke... The other must be his appreantice. (Darth Sagus)" Since your here take these holocubes back to camp." I bowed and took them and left.
