Alexis we have another job to do. (Alexis)"Please tell me I won't get turned into a crow again?" My boss laughed. "No nothing like that. This time it's a murder case these detectives said they needed our help on this one." He pointed at the two detectives on the couch. (Alexis)"Oh Jake and Aric hehe didn't see you there." I made some tea and coffee while they talked. Another detective came in he seemed really nervuse...Must be a newcomber. "Sir I got those permissions..." He looked down at the table with the murder pictures he looked like he was about to lose his lunch. (Alexis)"Bathrooms that way." He ran passed me. I looked at the pictures. (Jake)"We tried our best to look into the matter but as you can see it's not looking vary good." "Where is this taking place?" (Aric)"At the old mansion here." Aric handed me the files to give to my boss. (Jake)"We'll be sending the new detective with you that way he can get an idea of what's out their." I knew it... "Go get ready we'll head out..." (Aric)"Just a heads up the owner hired others as well and excersist and a psychic and someone else but he's a mystery." I headed to get our stuff to the car and waited the new recruit helped me. (Alexis)"Thanks." "No problem..." "Alexis where heading out." (Alexis)"Okay everything is ready." "Good." He threw the keys to the newbie. "You can drive right?" He caught the keys and nodded. I got in the back seat and master got into the passenger side. We headed off it was a long drive so I laid down while master looked over the files. I sat up and yawned. (Alexis)"How much longer?" "Where almost there... um." My boss came to the back seat. (Boss)"Keep driving." The newbie blushed and looked away. I pulled my shirt down revealing my neck he leaned in close as his fangs extended I gasped as his fangs pierced my skin. After he was done feeding the wounds healed. (Boss)"Alexis have you been eating?" I nodded. (Alexis)"Though I was in a rush today I must of forgotten to eat..." "Um I made some lunches." I chuckled. This is my boss Alexander he's a vampire an old one to he solves cases that aren't your normal cases. (Alexander)"Where there." "Yes that's the mansion looks like where not the first one to show." He pulled up to park. A man opened my door and helped me out. (Alexis)"Thanks." "You must be with the detective." (Alexander)"Yes she's with me." "What there's more here?" A woman's voice came out of nowhere. (Owner)"Their welcome here I would like this case to be solved..." (Alexis)"You must be the owner?" (Owner)"Correct. If you'll come inside I'll tell you more about the incident." (Alexis)" Master do you sense that?" He nodded. We entered the scent got stronger... I had to plug my nose. "Alexis what's wrong?" (Alexander)"She's just sensitive.
