Hey Alexis the villagers are all waiting are you really going to the ruins by yourself? "Yes I really am." "But I heard bad things happen their plus I heard an evil dragon lives their..." "A dragon? Oh I heard of that to... But you know I'm not afraid." "But being trapped in ruins for a week is harsh!" I smiled and hugged my friend. "I'll be fine really besides it's my chance to change thing's around here." The adults where waiting at the gates. To be a guardian dragon for this village. "Are you ready?" I nodded. (Alexis)"I'm ready." "Enter but be warned you may not leave until you've fulfilled a pack or die trying understand." "Yes I understand." The gates opened I stepped through the doors slowly closed behind me I sighed in relief I looked around to a huge structure. Wow amazing! This place is huge. A gust of wind blew through the place felt like an icey wind hitting my scales I shivered but not because of the wind but because I cought scent of another dragon... I lit up the place. Well I better look around geeze the air is different here... Of course just calm down... I looked around slowly making my way around... I walked for what seems like hours I decided to rest against a pillar. While I rested I thought I heard breathing I slowly got up putting out the flame I made. Okay so I'm not alone... I took a deep breath my eyes changed I can see in the dark right in front of me a huge dragon was watching me. (Alexis)"Um hi..." The dragon smiled than stood up the wings spread. "This is rare." The dragon's voice made my heart jump. "What's a hatchling doing here?" A hatchling?? I looked up at the dragon. (Alexis)"I don't know what your talking about but I'm here to become a guardian!" The dragon laughed. "Do you know where you are?" I nodded. "It's my final test right...?" The dragon came closer. "No!" Ouch geeze what's the matter with him... (Alexis) "Who are you and what is this place?" "I am the darkness king! I was sleeping... To answer your other question this place was a temple till I was trapped here..." "Really?" "Yes I can't believe you would come here not knowing what you where stepping into." "The villagers said I could be their guardian if I went in by making a pack..." "Must mean with a guardian... I have a better idea." "What would that be?" He pointed a claw at me. (Dragon)"Make a pack with me instead I can see it your like me." He grind. (Alexis)"Is that possible? " "Hold it get away from that dragon!" Huh? I turned around their where five guy's in a fighting stance. (What will you do little one?) I took a deep breath and looked at the men Their energy was high and already in a fighting mood my power's place a magic barrier in front of me.  (Now we can talk without them...) I sighed  walking back to the big dragon I found a spot to stand. The dragon laughed. (Why do you want to become a guardian?) (Well my village only has no guardian... I'm the only dragon their...) (Oh? What is it that you wish?) (That's a strange question... I suppose I want a purpose and excitement.) The men started to attack the barrier while we talked. (Tell me how can I make a pack and why would a king choose to form one with me?) (Form a pack with me and be mine!) (Okay but I never made a pack with another dragon.) The dragon laughed. (I know you have no scent of another now hurry and make a pack. Its just like forming one with ... A human but for us dragon's its more.) I nodded and kneeled and started to talk in dragon tonge. "What will you trade for this pack?" I looked up and smiled. "My life is your's." "I accept." The dragon roared and pierced my chest with a claw but not comepletly just enough to pierce the gem I cringed I saw red luiqed running down his claw into my chest my barrier shattered as pain ripped through my entire body. "We must stop them at all cost!!" they all ran towards us when the dragon wrapp his huge wings around us than a huge circle ingulfed us we both vanished. I woke up to a different surrounding alone my chest was still on fire. "Where... am I? I rubbed my chest and noticed a crest in the gem than i looked closer the color changed. "Don't move!" My eye's darted up I was surrounded by soulders. "Quiet do you want to give away our position...?" Another man stepped forward he had armor as black as night with gold trimming. "Forgive me General..." The man got closer. (General)"What are you doing here?" "I..." My head started to hurt I went to rub my head excposing my naked chest. I blushed and tried to cover up when the man stopped me. "That crest...Bring her with us and cover her up." "Yes sir!" A man placed a cloak over me and grabbed my wrist. "Let's go." "Ouch okay no need to be pushy..." I fallowed the men to their camp least that's what I figured it to be. We arived infront of a bigger tent with the same crest hanging infront." Sire I came to report in." "Enter." The General told me to fallow behind him. I fallowed their was a man also in black armor sitting and two other's on each side. The general kneeled when I got a closer look the man had long black hair with piercing eye's wich dropped me to my knees. "Sire we found this girl while we where scouting." "And?" "Well take a look..." The man took away the cloak leaving me naked infront of everyone in the tent. "She bares your crest sire." The man looked up intreged. "It's incomplete but it's diffenitly your crest sire..." "So it is.Girl what's your name?" "Alexis..." "Tell me Alexis where did you get that mark?" "I...I don't remember...Every time I try to my head starts hurting..." "Stand." The General moved I slowly stood up but barly. Than the man who was sitting stood up and walked over to me it looked like he was sniffing the air he grined. "Take her to my tent and guard her got it?" "Yes sir." Two guards left with me and took me to another tent the guards stood outside the tent. I sighed. I paced around trying to remember how I ended up this way when someone snuck into the tent the guards didn't notice. The person got behind me and covered my mouth. they whispered. "Don't move where's your king? You betternot scream...." This person going to kill me... but I won't betray him... My gem started to pulse everything went dark, Dark energy surrounded me and blasted the intruder out of the tent the guards looked. "What's going on?" (General)" Sire you feel that? It's you but how?" "I do feel it... The girl!" They both went to the tent and saw the guards in shock than saw me stepped out of the tent walking towards the intruder. "Sire." (king)" What's going on?" "We don't know all of a sudden this person flew out of the tent." (General)" That looks bad she's not incontrol...She's out to kill..." (King) "Alexis stop." I stopped the energy disappeared I looked around. (alexis)" What just happened?..." (King)" General take her to the main tent and guard her while I take care of our pest." He bowed and scooped me up taking me to the big tent. "Can you stand?" I nodded. He let me down gently. "What happened?" (Alexis)" I was trying to remember things when they snuck in and jumped me... They ... the asked for the king..." "And?" "I didn't say anything... But I blacked out... next thing I hear my name..." " You wernt even awake yet you respawned to the king's command..." "I... I don't understand..." (king)" You don't remember making a pack?" "No....I don't..." (General)"Might be because it wasn't completed or interuppted... But doesn't make any since..." (King) "That's because it's a blood pack." "But sire you never made a pack right" (king)" True but it doesn't change the fact of the crest on her chest." As they where talking everything started spinning I collapsed out of instinks the king caught me.Images started to flood into the kings mind. "Sire!" (King)" I'm fine her memory's flooded my mind but only broken pieces..." "What should we do?" (king)" Guard her the blood pack is real even if its incomplete." "How is that possible?" (King)" We can figure that out later but for now will deal with our pest..." (looks like you've gotten into a mess. Who would of thought you'd send yourself into my past but in doing so it will be more painful. But I'm sure you'll pull through. "The dragon laughed") The king laid me in his chair and covered me up. than exited the tent with his General. I was sleeping when I suddenly woke up.I rubbed my head looking around I caught the scent of the person who grabbed me than it came back to me... (Alexis)"Where's that pereson that snuck into the tent?" The guards looked at me.the pointed it was in the opposite direction of where I cuaght their scent."You sure?" They nodded. Meaning theirs another some where... "Tell the king theirs another one out their still but I'm going to go after them before I lose the see you!" I ran out of their naked. "The kings not going to be happy... Wait did she say theirs more?" "Yes she did better tell the king..." The scent wasn't far... (Wait) Huh? Who said that? (Where do you think your going?) I'm fallowing a scent... (Fine but don't get caught) I rolled my eye's and dashed through the tree's than stopped as I got closer. Now what... (You actually found them go back to camp and leave the rest to me) I...alright... Wait why... I don't even know you... Besides if I go now I might give myself away to them... Sheesh I may not remember most of the thing's but I'm not stupid... (Well well your smart and I'm one of the kings generals.) Now he tells me... Hold on looks like their in the cave... their's two inside... I jumped down from the tree without a sound. (where are you going?) Theirs another cave connecting... (Hmm I think I get what your doing okay.) I smiled and quietly went around, I looked around for the other cave and spotted it. Well better go in... I took a deep breath and entered. I walked a while through the caves when I finally got to where the two where holding camp I ducked down so they wouldn't see me. their was a noise from behind me. (Shoot these caves are annoying...) "Who's their! Show yourself!" I stumbled out from my hiding spot. "Please help me..." I whimpered. "Who are you? And what are you doing in a cave... naked..." "I don't know I just woke up here. "Probably was left to die here...Was their anyone else with you?" I shook my head and started crying. "Okay quiet down." The flames to their torches blew out. "What the what's going?" In a quick motion they where knocked out. "Good work." "Now what?" "Now we take them back to camp but first make sure to clean this cave out of any traces." I nodded the guy carried off the two men. I started to pick up the torches and any traces they where in the cave. After I got rid of everything I took a look around the cave it seemed so familure. All of a sudden my chest felt like it was burning dark flames ingolfed me I dropped to my knees cluching my chest energy was flowing through me in waves I crawlked to the back of the caves and curled up huge wings burst from my back and folded around me as the dark energy hardend into a shell around me. (King)" Who's these two?" "Sire their with that other intruder... That girl found them." "Where is she?" "She's taking care of the cave they where in...I left my men to keep an eye on her..." "Sir theirs a problem." "What is it?" "That girl went deeper into the cave and well you should see for yourself..." The king took his men and headed for the cave. "Their that's where she went but all we found was that egg... We can't get close to it." "Sire..." (King)" Ya I know her scents all over in here get Sebastian in here." "I'm already here I had to place barriers at the mouth of the caves... I can transfer it to our camp though theirs a chance they'll intercept it..." The egg pulsed than a circle started to form under it. "Looks like she heard. Oh she stopped..." "Why?" "Might need an order." (King)"You might be right. Alexis I order you to head back to camp without giving us away." "Sire that's a tall order..." The general's laughed. The circle was completed black flames ingulfed me and vanished. "Looks like she made it back to camp sire. My men placed a barrier." "Good let's head back." They bowed and escorted the king back to camp.  "Looks like she ended up in the big tent sire." "I see that... How is barrier holding up?" "Sire bately but it's not the energy that's the issue infact the energy is going in not out..." "Than what's the problem?" "Where not sure... But look at the ground sire." They looked and saw claw marks. "That happened when we got to close luckily we put up the barrier in time..." "She seemed to listen to me when I mentioned you sire." I was floating in complete darkness. (How long are you going to pout?) I'm not pouting... (Sure looks like it to me.) I'm just... It's frustrating... Only some of my memory's are returning but the rest is still all over the place... (Is that all?) I sighed and shook my head...  I'm mad that I let someone get the jump on me... The dragon laughed. (Tell me what made you mad the fact that someone caught you off guard or the fact they threatened the king?) I growled. The grind. (When you wake up tell him this got it...?) I nodded. (Good time to wake up!) All of a sudden the egg started to crack. "Sire..." It shattered my wings where still covering me. (Alexis)"Why are you staring at me?" They pointed at me. "What am I naked still?" When I got frustrated my tail smashed the ground... Than it it clicked I looked at myself everything was different... "Great...right I have a message." I took a deep breath and kneeled. Than spoke in dragon. Two guards pointed theit swords at me. "Hey that's rude!" "Do you thi k this is a joke?" "I only said what my master told me to say!" I stormed off. Geeze what nurve... Why did he want me to say that... I finally remembered something than he tells me to say that to them... He just made them mad at me... Huh where am I? Is that a river?  I sighed looking down into the water. I really did change. "I don't understand... I only remember bits and pieces but I remember our pack... A twig snapped two figures appeared  I looked it was the king and one of the generals. I stood up crossing my arm's. "Why?" (King)"First who did you make a pack with?" I sighed. (Alexis)"A huge dragon... Called himself darkness king... That's all I remember!" "You where right sire... But how is that possible?" (King)"It makes since but not sure on the how yet... Where going back to camp we march in the morning!" "Yes sire." (King)"You to Alexis!" "What!?" "Didn't you pledge yourself to me?" I nodded more confused than ever but I fallowed them back he told me to stay in his tent I was going to protest but I didn't have a choice. I laid down on his bed and fell asleep. The king came in and closed his tent wich woke me up. "Sorry I must of fell asleep..." The king took off his armor than he waved his hand for me to roll over on the other side which I did he got in bed. This weird. I closed my eye's images flooded my mind next thing I knew I'm waking up I rolled over finding the king gone. I streched when someone entered the sun blaring in my eye's... My wings shielded me from the sun. "Forgive me but I brought some clothes for you it's not much but it should help." The young girl handed me some clothes and helped me put them on. (Alexis)" Thank you." She bowed. "His majesty wishes to speak with you when you awoke if you'll fallow me." I nodded and fallowed her to the big tent inside was the king and his two guards and four men the woman bowed and left. They looked like they where busy. (King)" Your awake good we'll be marching soon you'll be riding with Sebastian understood?" I bowed. "Yes sire." "Good before we head out make sure to eat and get ready." I nodded and left. I looked around solders where putting up their tents and getting ready. After I finally found food and ate I found Sebastian feeding a dragon. (Alexis)" Sebastian..." (Sebastian)" Ah Alexis! Are you ready?" (Alexis)"I think so..." (Sebastian)"Are you still mad about last night?" I went to pet the dragon. "No... It's not that really..." (Sebastian) "Let's go join the other's." I nodded he got on the dragons back and helped me up. We headed to the front we spent the whole day travelling...  We got to an open field an army was waiting. "That's alot..." We stopped. "How dare you march into our lands!" (King)"Who said I needed permission to conquer!" The man drew his sword. I sniffed the air it smelled. (King)"Hold your ground!" I whispered into Sebastian's ear's. (Sebastian) "Oh? Alright just hold tight when the fight starts alright." I nodded. The knight ordered the archers to attack first but it wasn't getting close I chuckled. The arrows vanished than when they where done I waved my hand as circle appeared above the enemy I waited since the king held his hand up he looked at me he smiled. I waved down my hand  and arrows rained down on the solders but they stopped in mid air and started to freeze a dragon flew through them shattering all of them the dragon attacked with an icy breath I quickly put up a barrier in the last second the dragon relized this and flew back to the head knight. The ice shattered. The knight whispered to the dragon rider. "Well what did you find out?" "Their not useing their magician's..." "Are you saying one person is fending off our attacks?" The knight nods. "Looks like their at there limit..." "What's wrong?" "Their just useing them till they break...." "When the battle begins find the right moment and grab them." The knight nodded. The head knight odered to charge! (Sebastian) "Here they come are you ready?" I nodded. The barrier still up when they collided I acted like it was straining I waited for the kings signal. The king gave the signal to weaken the barrier I slowly weakened it. The dragon roared the barrier started to shatter and battle started the dragon swooped over everyone than he circled from behind he saw the opening and snached me up. "I hope we made it..." He looked down. "Your a girl...Hey stay with me!" (Better take her back to the kingdom.) "Why?" As he asked my hood revealed my head than he realized I wasn't human. "Bastereds useing a girl to fight for them.... Alright take us home!" I woke up in a strange room. I looked around... I got out of bed and head for the door when all of a sudden it opened two guards and two men stood their. "what are you doing you should be resting." I looked than started to fall one of the men cuaght me. "I tried to warn you." He carried me back to bed. "Are you able to talk?" I nodded. "What's your name?" "Alexis..." "Well Alexis your lucky one of our knights brought you back looks like you pushed yourself he told us what happened he wanted to appologize for being rough breaking a barrier must of knocked you out..." The man had long white hair with gold eye's. "Will she be alright?" "Yes she should as long as she rests." He looked at me. "What where doing with the darkness kings army?" "Huh... I..." I looked down tears ran down my cheeks. "Take it slow where not going to hurt you and nether can the king..." I took a deep breath. (Alexis)" My memory's are hazy but I remeber I was on my way to make a pack for my village...but something went wrong ... I..." I started to sob. "They must of taken you from your village..." "That would explain why they where able to use you but its worry some we should let her rest." "Alright..." " Get some rest I'll be by for your meal and medicine." I nodded. i watched them leave. (Wow your plan worked.) (More or less... Wait you fallowed me) (Ya it was easy his majesty wanted you guarded did you really think he would let you into enemy lands by yourself? So what do you plan now?") (For now I rest. Than...") I explained my plan. (Got it...I'll relay back to the king and be back by nightfall.) I nodded. So thats why I feel like this... (Are you that surprise little one?) (Master!) (Not so loud...) (Sorry... Maybe a little but I kinda pieced it togeather...) (Than you know you shouldn't stay here to long once the pack is finished theirs no hiding it. Time to sleep.) I nodded started to drift off. (General)" Sire Its been hours since they retreated and taking her..." (Sebastian)" She's fine Blade just reported back." "They took her to the castle." Blade relayed the plan. The king smiled. (Sebastian)" She's good she asked me to place an illusion spell before the battle so when they took her it would look like shes just a dragon." (General)" So she wanted to be taken?" "Yes." "So that's why they got past you so easily." (King)"Enough what else did she say?" (Blade)" She said their's a castle that's been abandon it can hold our troops she drew a map..." (General)" What's the problem?" Blade held up the map it was blank. (Sebastian)" Wait the paper's infused with magic...Sneaky only your flames can reveal the map sire." Blade handed the map to the king. The king revealed the map and grind. "Well you look pleased." (king)" We'll take this castle tonight while our enemy's sleep. Have our scouts take a look around it but don't go in.Blade make sure to keep your eye's on Alexis until the pack is complete she'll be a target..." The king's eye's slit all his guards and generel's kneeled. "Oh give her this messege." The king spoke in dragon tongue. (Blade)" Yes Sire I will." Blade vanished. I woke up to the smell of food. "Good your awake. Here eat up." (Alexis)" Thank you..." I started to eat it was just bread and some soup. After I finished the man took the boul. "I'll be back to check on you." I nodded. I wached him leave. I got up to look out the window it was already night time Blade appeared behind me. (Your messege was recieved.) (Than I better do my part...) (Also the king said this.) Blade whispered in dragon tongue I smiled. (Alright I'll need you to do what you do best and do what ever you want while I search around...) (Be careful if you need help just call on me.) (But I don't know your name...) (The name's Blade I'll always be nearby lurking in the shadows.) I nodded. Blade vanished. Time to go read. I opened the door their where two guards.(Alexis)"Hi um do you know where I could read?" They looked at me. "Are you interested in learning?" "Master are you sure?" He nodded. "Fallow me." I fallowed. He stopped in front of two doors when he opened it a room lit up full of books and scrolls, my eye's lit up.(Alexis)"Amazing! Their must be ton's of book's here." "Your welcome to read as many as you want as long as you rest to." (Alexis)"Have you read about a dragon who loved to read?" "No I haven't but I would love to hear it." "This dragon was always alone but she had book's many book's some where magic and other's where just strategy book's. Over time she became a master of both but something was still missing... She decided to find it in the humans world but when she entered she was a human child she knew nothing about the world and became lost till she ran into a small village by than she forgot who she was from than on the villagers took care of this dragon till she was old enough to be their guardian the end..." "Sounds tragic.." I shrugged. "Well you can stay and read as long as you want I need to head back though if you need anything the guards are right outside the door's." "Thanks." The man left. I sat down and sighed. (That story sound's like you left out part of it.) (My friend told me it...) I gathered alot of book's and started reading through them. (Master why did you choose me?) (I needed a way out of that place why do you ask?) (Does that I'm useful?) The dragon laughed. (Your an odd one. Normally you wouldn't be so happy to hear your a tool.) I chuckled. (I suppose your right but I don't mind it.) (Than you'll have to finish the pack. But it will only work with my younger self.) I nodded though fell asleep. "Alexis... She fell asleep....Did she read all these?" The man grabbed a blanket and covered me up. (Master did you know what you told me?) (What's that?) (That I can go all out to my hearts content.)He laughed. (Why not! Go wild!.) (Geeze master.) I smiled. (How long till you get here?) (Impatient are we?) (Nope... Not really...okay maybe a little... Master... Never mind...) Morning came while everyone was still asleep I took out a spiecle book. (Blade are you still here?) (Yes.) (Good I need you to write these symbol's around the castle and the kingdom once you write them they will vanish.) (Like the map?) I nodded. (One last thing when your done give the king one more message... Better hurry up.) Blade nodded and vanished. ... How long can this spell last...? Master... (Hey Alexis! Hey..! Geeze your magic is all over the place...I better take you some place where no one will notice...Better leave a double...) Blade placed a double in my room and took me to an under ground cavern. (This energy is like the king's... It's still puring into her...those marks... No wander you caught his majesty's interest. For what seemed like an eternity I was screaming as my body changed dark energy seeped into my vary being my screams turned into a beastly roar wings burst through so did my tail and horn's. I collapsed not fully changed Blade picked me up he watched as the illusion spell kicked in. I opened my eye's.(Alexis)"Blade?... What...happened?" (Blade)"You collapsed so I took you here..." (Alexis)"Thanks..." (Blade)"How long?" "Huh?" "How long can you maintain that spell? Sebastian's good but not that good." "Busted huh? I can for a phew day's maybe...I'll be fine..." You don't look fine... "Blade can you give Sebastian this book?" "Sure but what is it?" I chuckled. "Don't open it." Blade took the book and hid it than he carried me back to my room the double vanished as Blade laid me in bed. than vanished. I heard the knights whisper outside the doors. "Did you hear our forces can't get near that fort..." "Ya isn't that place cursed..." "I thought it was home to beasts?" "Well now that king has the fort..." "I heard they'll be here by tonight..." "But our forces will hold them off!" "Your right."Their voices faded as I started to drift off. I was dreaming of a huge library. (Now this is a libarey.) (Master what are you doing here?) (I was bored. Where is this?) (I think my memory... that's me when I was little but I don't remember...) The little girl was reading books and making spells. "Drake whats it like in the humans world?" "Why do you want to know? It's no place for you...If the elder's find that your still alive..." "I'm sorry Drake hehe. Drake I made a new spell see?" "I don't see it..." The dragon looked at the blank piece of paper.The girl giggle. "You gotta use your flame silly." The dragon blew a small flame to reveal letter's. all of a sudden the images started to burn. (Master!...) I woke up it was night time I heard knights running through the halls. I opened the door and asked one of the knights what was going on? "The solder's returned...You should stay in your room where it's safe." I nodded and headed back in I closed the doors and sat on the edge of the bed. my eye's glowed I could see where all the markers been placed in my mind they started to light up everyone in the kingdom started to fall asleep... "Tsk that wizard put up a barrier in the throne room." Blade whistled. (Blade)" Nice the whole place is asleep." "Except the throne room... And their Dragon knight's..." "Let's go." (Alexis)" First let me put up a barrier around us also I'd vanish if I where you." Blade did just that. I took a deep breath and walked out into the hall. "Alexis!" (Alexis)" Huh?" I turned around... No way it was that Libarey guy with two solder's. (Alexis)" What's going on?" "I don't know some kind of sleeping spell... Looks like your okay... Though you look like your straining to keep that barrier up." I nodded. He picked me up. "Come on let's get you to the throne room we place a bigger barrier up so you should be fine their. Let's hurry." "Yes sir!" We headed through the halls to two large doors the two knights opened them the light blinded me. I rubbed my eye's the man put me down on my feet. "You can take down your barrier now." I did and got dizzy. (queen)" Is she alright?" "Yes she just needs a little rest your majesty." "No wander this spell would take it out of anyone that young..." "Crystal how are you holding up?" (Crystal)"No problem. We where lucky...How's it look out their?" "Everyone's asleep.It's a larg scale spell to..." (King)" Is their any way to break it?" "Not till we find the root cause..." (solder)" Sire their's trouble!" (King)" What is it?" "Their's solder's entering the gates the Darkness king's leading them!" "Damian..." (King)" Everyone stand ready!" (General)" Sire looks like their..." (Sebastian)" Their just sleeping I would say this was Alexis handy work." (general)" No way how can a kid do all this?" (Blade)" It's true..." (King)" Blade report." He bowed. "Their's still some that are awake including their king... Their held up in the castle throne room including Alexis...She was able to put mostly everyone to sleep." (King)" Let's go." The king and his men reached the palace gates. The door's opened. (King)"Dark king why have you entered my kingdom!?" (Dark king)"You know what I want." "Your a fool if you think you'll find it...! (Sebastian)" We know you have it each kingdom guards different relic's." Relic? What's he talking about?... Well their goes my illusion spell... (Dark king)"How long are you going to hide?" (Alexis)"hehe..." The guards pointed their swords. (Crystal)"You bare his crest...Why would a child..." (Alexis)"because he's my Master though I didn't figure that out till later." "Why would you strain your body for that man?" (Alexis)"Master what is it you seek?" (Dark king)"I'm searching for one of the relics left by the ancient dragon's." "You won't find the one your looking for here!" (Alexis)"The dark relic..." I kneeled. (Alexis)"If that is what you wish my master than I give you this to complete our blood pack..." I chanted words as a dark orb exited my body than went to the dark king. Than out of no where chains came up out of circle surrounding me as time stopped four men appeared."where taking you back..." Master... The man waved his hand I fell asleep than time resumed as we vanished. (Sebastian)"Sire she's gone..." The king was angry everyone in the room could tell. (King)"Who where those men?" "I would of nevet belived they still exist ancient guardian's they where the ones who sealed the ancient kingdom and its power's my  mentor once told me about them..." The dark king took the orb.(dark king)"Where leaving...! (Sebastian) "Yes sire." (Crystal)"Hey you can't just barge here and just leave!" The king glared at her with red dagger's. The wizard shook his head at crystal. "Best leave it be..." The king and his men left.  (Crystal)"Why did you stop me!?" "You know as well as I he's dangerous spiecly losing your blood mate right before your eye's..." (King)"Explain what do you mean?" "For us dragon's a pack is sacred but a blood pack is mate's for eternity and he just lost his right before him... I knew she formed one but for what ever reasons it wasn't complete..."  The king and his men went back to the fort. The king sat down growling his men kneeled. (Blade)"Sire I know this isn't the best time but she gave me this book to hold onto... She said to give it to Sebastian..." (King)"Show me..." Blade handed the book over it was big black with old writing. (Sebastian)"Wait don't open it!" (King)"Oh?" (Sebastian) "Geeze...Can i?" The king nodded Blafe gave it to Sebastian. "That girl loves placing spells ontop of spells... Its protected... Let's see... Look's like it takes magic to open it..." Sebastian smiled and cast a spell opening the book wide open his eye's open wide. "Your kidding!" (King)"Sebastian you can study it later what did you find?" (Sebastian) "Forgive me sire. It's a rare spell book it was a myth but here it is... Time travel... Travel through dimension's... Amazing this would explain how she made a pack with you sire..." "You know it's rude to read someone else's spell book sheesh..." (Sebastian) "Who said that?" "I did...Turn the page..." He turn the page and a dragon flew out of the book.(king)"And you are?" "Im blitz keeper of my master's spell book's... Where is my master?" (Blade)"Someone took her... She told me to give the book to Sebastian... " (Blitz)"I see so that means... She wants you to be this books new master looks like it agrees well that's that the books now yours." The king was tapping his fingers. (King)"How does this help?" "Well you can teleport to her library you should be able to find something their... Why are you glareing at me?  Wait wait if you go to her libary your sure to find where master Alexis is being held!" (King)"Oh why didn't you just say from the start." Scary...Why did master choose this man... "Now than time to go pick up what's mine shall we? So how do we get to this library?" "Leave that to me all Sebastian has to do is resite the dimension spell and I'll do the rest." (Sebastian)"What about the troops we can't leave them here... " "Easy just teleport them to where you want them I'm sure you can manage that. Just gather them in one place than think of what ever place you want to send them." (Sebastian) "Sire?" "Send them back to the kingdom." "Sire!" When all the solder's gathered Sebastian opened the book to teleportation spell he read the spell in one fell swoop the men vanished."Wow you did it! Not that I doubted you... Next up to the library let's hope Drake's not in a foul mood..."Sebastian turned the page to the dimension spell blitz jumped into the page. "Alright who ever is going better gather here..." "Where all going!" "Okay okay sheesh no need to yell... One two three and where here. (General)"Sebastian will be here for days this place is huge!" Sebastian cleared his throat. (Sebastian)"As much as I would love to finding Alexis takes top priority... " The King's energy sent Shriver's down everyone's spines. (Drake)"What's with this energy I'm trying to practice here!" A large black dragon appeared with a scar on his left eye. (Blitz)"Drake..." (Drake)"Blitz aren't you suppose to be with the princess? And who are they?" "Well she gave me a new master...I'm afraid..." (King)"She was taken by four men... Who was able freeze time." (Drake)"I was afraid of that...leaving here with her memories sealed kept her safe from them but some how her memories returned making her a target...So who made the packed?" (King)"I did some how... Now they made a big mistake by taking what's mine..." Drake busted out laughing shaking the books. "Alright if you made the pack than you should be able to find her how ever your friend of this book should stay here since the princess made sure to keep it away from their claws I want it to stay that way." (King)"Fine I think Sebastian would rather stay here and study." (Sebastian) "If that's what you wish sire." The king nodded. "Blitz show him arouns but try not to wake up you know who if she caught wind of what happened to the princess all hell would break loose. Alright fallow me first will have to find Alexis." Everyone fallowed Drake to a large room surrounded with symbol's and water. "Now than will the one who made a pack step in front of the water." The king stepped forward a huge black dragon appeared in the water. "Well well if it isn't my younger self... (King)" What's going on?" "Don't look so surprised though I don't blame you... Yes I'm the one who made the blood pack if it wasn't for that girl you would of ended sealed away like me... Though it seems her fate is bound in chains some how im enable to reach her." "Where is she?" "Here her body is bound here but her mind is fading...I'll creat a path but that's all I can do." "That's plenty..." The King smiled. A circle surrounded them. They vanished from the room and appeared in another space. (General) "Where are we?" "Look's like a prison..." The king crossed his arms."Is that her?" (King)"Seems like it...Look's like we have company..."The king looked at his men frozen in time but he wasn't. "How is this possible you shouldn't be able to resist..." (That's because you have master's relic. They can't touch you! Hurry you gotta wake her up! You be immune but your men aren't... I can protect them till you wake her up...")The king grind and headed towards me. I was chained fast asleep... The king touched my gem his mind entered mine. A huge dragon surrounded me with an orb. (You must be the dark king...) "And you are?" (I am Alexis true form I was once a proud sorceress of the ancient dragon's...") "So the ancient existed?" (More or less I was banished by the elder dragon's except for one he saved my life even though I was a human child... Alexis is a princess of Shadow's some didn't like that thought...") "So how do we wake her?" The king walked to the orb other dragon's appeared. "You must stop." "What do you hope do gaine by waking her?" The king grind... He placed a hand on the orb."Did you really think these illusion's would hide the truth... Your sadly mistaken..." The images shattered except for me in the orb. The king forced his hand inside he released dark energy inside. "Alexis...Why do you sleep? Are you going to let them win?" The king forced more of his energy till the orb shattered, I fell into the King's arm's I slowly opened my eye's. "Master?" Drake was defending the general's still and called out my name. "Drake?.. Ug what happened? Oh right I was captured..." "Your still asleep..."  I nodded. "But you where able to wake up my subconscious." "Those illusion sure didn't want you to wake up... It was annoying..." I chuckled. "Must be the mage's doing... Well I am the princess of the shadow kingdom and master of magic..." "So some of what that dragon was true..." "Yes some of it... I protected my people but lost my form for the price well more like sealed away within a human form I had to relearn all the spell's I made and found..." "And your memories?" "That I'm not sure ...maybe when the guardians attacked while I teleported it must of interfered...that and the pack was incomplete... But now it is. Master your men need to take out the guardians..." "How their frozen in time?" "The relic I gave you protects you all I have to do is make one for your men... One problem though... I don't have much energy to make any..." "Use mine... Will that be enough?" I smiled and nodded. I sat down orbs floated around me at first they looked like normal stone orbs. "So your the one who made those relic's?" "More or less though any dragon with skill's can though the method to make them was lost... For now I'll make six total..." I started to poore in energy merging mine with masters. "Now go to your new master's and help them out okay?" The orbs lit up and left my body two left the relm the others entered the four generals they where able to move. "Well they will have fun testing those out...they'll have new armor and weapons to suit them and their new partner's... Well they'll find out.Master don't you want to join in?" "I'll watch besides I can't always have fun." I laughed. "Well it'll take time to regain my strength so I guase we sit back and watch." "Tell me about the relic's..." "Okay Master. The relics the humans have arent the one's I made except for the one I gave you mine where sealed hidden away." "Oh?" I looked at him than smiled. "I gave them to the dragon king's of each relm. Master why do you want the relic? I mean ou seem powerful already..." "I don't want it for power I heard they can be use to open the gates into the lost kingdom's." "It's true some can and some open spicifice doors...Wait you wanted the dark relic... does that mean you want the lost kingdom of darkness?" "Yes...Have you seen it?" "Well I havent seen it but I know it excists...To be awnest the shadow kingdom took me in they said my home was lost but never said how..." "So if I said that's what I want to go what would you do?" I burst out laughing. "Master I would fallow you any where I mean I did go into battle and get caught for you did I not?" He nodded and grind. We watched the generl's geared up and start fighting. "Hey this new gear is awesome!" "Geeze you don't have to get excited over it." "Less talking more fighting!" "Looks like their weakening the spell keeping me asleep." "Time to wake up than." I nodded when I closed my eye's and reopened them Master was their waiting. "Master...What's with that grin?" I couldn't move I was still chained up I looked away and blushed. "Sire I hate to break up this moment but is their a way out of here?" (Drake)" Forgive me I forgot to mintion that part..." I chuckled." We won't let you out of here!" "Can someone break these chain's first...?" Master kissed me. "Master..." energy surged through my entire body I pulled at the chains as my body started to change I grew bigger until I was a full dragon. I roared sending shockwaves. I teleported everyone back to the librarey when we arrived I was back to human form naked on the floor. The king picked me up. (king)"Where can she sleep?" (Drake)" Her room is down that way. " Drake pointed the way.
