Alexis can you help me with these boxes? (Alexis)"Sure whats in them?" "Its the decoration's for the Halloween party, oh right this will be your first one here." I nodded." Well I'm sure you'll have fun oh these goes to the library and the gymnasium." I smiled as we walked to the library first I looked around the room was amazing everything was alive my uncle told me about this town that is a special. "Hey cuz need help?" He smiled Aric's my cuz that's been helping me alot since I been living with his dad. (Alexis)"Sure just making sure the library and gymnasium has all the decoration's."Aric started to help as he gave me a hand he was telling me about this town apparently its had alot of strange things happen.(Alexis)"Great you can add another strange thing..." Aric looked at me I thought he'd laugh he didn't actuly he looked sad the same eye's he had when we where little. All of the sudden the ground started shaking Aric dropped the box and covered me.(Aric)"Stay down!" Whats going on? Is this a earthquake... After a minute it stopped the principal was checking on all the students Aric helped me up.(Principal) "Is everyone alright?" (Students) "Yes!" That was weird... Flashes of images flooded my mind and the room started to spin Aric saw my eye's they where slit and burning red than back to silver blue. He rubbed my back witch snapped me out of it. I slowly took a deep breath.(Alexis)"Thanks... What happened?" Aric shrugged than the principal came and checked on us.(Principal) "Are you both alright?" We nodded. "Alright I'm sending everyone home early we can decorate another time." We looked at eachother than we grabbed our things as we walked out of the school building my uncle was their waiting for us. That was fast.(Alexis)"Hi uncle." He smiled. "Hey are you two okay?" We nodded. (Aric)"Ya where fine but what was that all about?" "sure but where trying to figure it out in the mean time lets get you both home." I got into the car my head was pounding and everything was heightened... Aric looked at me. We started to drive I glanced out the window I a white wolf I he was staring at me with blue eye's something about him made me really relaxed when I blinked he was gone. I rubbed my temples my uncle looked at me in his mirror I smiled faintly trying to show that I'm fine... Not vary convincing we finally pulled up to the house but I felt so weak I couldn't get out of the car I grumbled. My uncle came to my side and opened the door he gave me a smile and carried me into the house.(Alexis)"Thanks uncle I I'm okay now." He laughed than laid me on the couch it was soft and fuzzy that I started to drift off. I was in a deep sleep I was flying  over the town than I heard a voice telling me (Go back it's dangerous hurry!)I bolted off the couch out of breath... Ug wander what time it is... I looked around around both uncle and cousin was gone than I saw a note on a plate.(Alexis we you dinner where off to work be safe.) Is it really that late... Wait than went to work even after that earthquake? Maybe walk will help my head or at least some air will be good. I locked up the house and headed out. As I stepped out into the fresh air I took a deep breath annd let it out slowly I looked up into the sky it was vary clear tonight. Oh ya isn't their that park and it's nearby! That settles it park it is. Wow its a nice walk I bet it would be really nice weather to fly... I got to to the park it was quiet hardly anyone was around except for couples I looked around to find an empty bench I saw one next to the water fountain I sat down and pulled out the dinner uncle made. I was about to unwrap it when I looked up and saw that white wolf from earlier. (Alexis)"Oh it's you from before are you alone?" The wolf nodded. (Wolf) Why are you by your self?" (Alexis)"I can handle myself thank you."The wolf looked at me with his blue eye's almost as blue as the crystal clear ocean. (Alexis)"Are you hungry?" He shook his head. "Least tell me your name?" (Wolf)"Your a strange girl I can't tell you my name but I'll stay with you." I laughed when a sharp pain in head made me cring the white wolf saw me in pain so he jumped onto the seat next to me and rubbed his head on my shoulder the pain vanished without realizing I was running my hand through his fur he didn't seem to mind it I smiled pulled off the cover for my dinner it smelled great uncle was the best at cooking I started to eat uncles chicken with gravy with Carrot's and potatoes. I finished eating and carefully placed everything back. I got up.(Alexis)"I should probably head back..." Than an omanis voice came out from the shadow's. "What's the rush?" A man walked out of the shadow's one looked frozed me in place my hands trembled as he got closer. (Whats wrong?) The man grind at me. Seems only I was able to see him witch terrified me even more. His hands was getting closer than the lights flickered and he was gone.The wolf looked at me with worry. (Wolf)"Why don't I walk you home."I looked at him and nodded I wasn't going to argue there.He walked on the side of me he was alert to his surrounding but he also made sure I was okay a wolf instincts where higher than normal animals but this seemed different it reminded me of my cousin and uncle. We where close to the house when I heard Aric's voice.(Aric)"Hey Alexis!"(Alexis)"Hey Aric aren't you home early?"He smiled and shrugged.(Aric)"Ya well had to grab some extra clothes." Aric looked down at the wolf next to me.(Aric)"Who's your friend?" (Alexis)"I met him in the park he was nice to walk me home." Aric smiled and thanked him for walking me home. wolf bowed his head and left. I yawned and went inside, Aric grabbed spare clothes and made a snack and to drink before he left I sat on the couch and covered myself in the blanket I turned the tv on and got cozy I love watching movies maybe it'll help me calm down...    
next day I woke up tired not surprising after watching so romance/action movies. I opened the certain to my room the bright light stung my eye's for a moment my eyes slit reacting to the sunlight than went back normal as they adjusted sometimes i wandered if I wasn't a vampire instead of a dragon though we are similar I guase least that's what Aric said,some times I wander what made me so different... I got ready for school sense thay okayed us but to be careful anyways. Class started our teacher looked different today he was slouching and sighing for most of his lessons and he looked a little pale one I asked if he was okay since it was my duty as part of the student council he apologized and continued on with the lesson. Lunch was here and every one was in a rush to have a break me I just went to thr school's garden in the back not many come back here but was fine by me. I sat down as I was getting my lunch out that wolf showed up I smiled. (Wolf)"By yourself again I see."(Alexis)"I don't mind it." Its true I was use to being alone even though I have my uncle and cousin and I never really sought out a mate. I blushed at the word.(Wolf)"Mind if I keep you company?"(Alexis)"I don't mind. Though you still haven't told me your name..." The wolf grind.(Wolf)"My Master calls me Jack." I looked at him than shrugged. We talked while I ate I even told him about my teacher Jack looked at me with a worried look.(Jack)"Alexis my Master would like to meet you would you be interested?" I thought for a moment...(Alexis)"Sure why not."Jack smiled.(Jack)"Great how about after school?"I nodded."Great I'll pick you up than." Jack got up and ran off. I laughed. Hmm I wander what his Masters like... Should I have agreed... All of a sudden I felt cold liquid  drip down my face I looked it was my cousin with a drink in his hands he chuckled.(Alexis)"Aric that's cold!" He laughed. (Aric)"Sorry couldn't help it. Here."He gave me a drink that was in his other hand. I took it from his hand.(Alexis)"Thanks cousin."(Aric)"Will you be alright?"He watch the wolf run out of sight I could of sworn he blushed. I nodded...(Alexis)"I'll be fine I hope... I'm sure I'll be fine." I smiled while taking a sip of the drink Aric brought me. After we where done we headed to class it was long since some of the teachers didn't look well maybe a bug was going around... I hope not though dragon's rarely get sick but when we do its not pretty. I dozed off a phew times I'd dream of what seam's like a distant pass with humans and a battlefield helping my comrads though we weren't fighting humans instead it was creatures I never seen before I woke up class had ended the teacher looked at me.(Alexis)"Sorry teacher..."The teacher smiled that sent a chill down my spine."Don't worry I know you work hard but try to take better care of your self alright?" I nodded grabbing my bag and headed out. Jack was waiting for me just outside the school gate's.(Ready?)I nodded. The teacher from before watched us leave through a window. (Alexis)"Hey Jack what's your master like?" He looked at me with a smug look.(You'll find out. Don't worry.) I rolled my eye's. (Alexis)"How far is it?" (It's on the edge of town.) Is he talking about that old mansion I heard it's been their for along time... (Where almost their!) The place was huge in the front was a gate that led into a garden front I opened the gate when a breez passed by. We walked quite aways before reaching the mansion. (Where here one knock should do.) I took a deep breath and knocked once the doors opened no one was standing their. Thats strange these doors must weigh alot for it to move on their own... Jack  walked in I fallowed the place looked amazing with hand crafted wood. While i was looking around a tall figure came down these really beautiful stairs the man was well build and his eye's where gorgeous he had black long hair and clean gotea."Welcome to my home."(Alexis)"Thank you." I sounded nervous. His voice was really mature but also sent chills his scent was also strong. I glanced up at him his features where showing as he reached the bottom of the stairs for a second I thought i heard a growl it was faint but I know i heard it... The man walked towards me he bowed and kissed the top of my hand."Its a pleasure to meet such a beautiful young lady my name is  Alex and might I have the pleasure of knowing who's present?" I smiled.(Alexis)"Alexis." This is a little strange when I usely touch someone it gets to be overwhelming but im not feeling anything same with Jack... I still don't think that's his real name...(Alex)"Would you like something to drink?" (Alexis)"Yes please." He smiled and led me to a low lit room books filled every corner he showed me where to sit so I sat down. (Alex)"What would you like? I have tea,coffee,water..." "Tea please." He smiled than bowed. "I'll return with your tea make yourself comfortable." I nodded while I shifted in the chair Alex left I sighed when Jack nuzzled my hand.(Jack)"Are you alright?" I rubbed behind his ear's and nodded. I told Jack why I been so nervous he gave me a gentle look.(Don't worry my Master is amazing and he won't let anything happen to you.) He's right I don't know why I'm worring so much. I looked around the room and scanning the books nearby one caught my attention I got up to see it was an old book but well taken care of but it was the title that caught my attention I tried reaching for it when I heard Alex voice from behind. (Alex)"Tea's ready." I flinched than turned around he was standing right their with a beautiful tea set already to be poured. I smiled and sat back down. (Alex)"You like book's?" I nodded while he started to pour hot water into the cup than he took a metal spoon with holes and dipped it into the hot water I could smell the eroma of herb's filling the room.(Alexis)"Smells amazing!" He smiled. He carefully handed me a cup."Careful its hot." "Thank you." Alex and I started talking before I realized it was to get dark out I noticed Alex was looking up at entrance as if waiting for someone. He smiled and got up. He politely excused himself to let someone in. I rubbed my hands togeather.Alex came back with another man standing behind him he was also tall and well build but his eye's where like ice for a moment than they soften. (Alex)"I hope you don't mind I thought I'd invite an old friend this is Damian." I got up to introduce myself he looked at me and bowed. (Damian)"It's a pleasure to meet you."(Alexis)"It's nice to meet you to." My voice sounded nervous. We sat down. Alex looked at me with worry. (Alexis)"Should I go?" Alex shook his head. I was really starting to get annoyed Jack must of noticed when he placed a paw on my lap. (Alex)"Alexis have you noticed anything strange going on in this town?" I thought for a moment of coarse their strange things going on... (Alexis)"Maybe why?" Damian and Alex looked at each other I flipped. I stood up and told them almost everything that happened when I relized it I ran out of their breaking down in tears wich wasn't like me. I stopped to cach my breath. "Alexis?" I looked up it was the teacher from earlier. "Is everything alright?" He touched my shoulder when his flooded my mind I saw him biting into someone's neck his eye's was full of lust I tried back away but he clunched my shoulder tight. (Alexis)"Let go your hurting me!" He smiled at me I closed my eye's. Would I have to change to defend myself he wants to drain my blood no way... Out of no where Jack leaped up and bit the teacher's arm he hissed and threw me down. (Alexis)"Jack!" (What are you doing run!) I stood up and brushed myself off I cluched my hands into a fist. I wasn't about to leave first friend behind. (Alexis)"I don't care if your a teacher vampire but no one messes with me or my friend!" Smoke escaped my lips I growled before he could react I slammed into him knocking him back really far Jack was speechless. My tail and scales and horns where now visable. (Remind me to stay on your good side.) I giggled than sighed.(Alexis)"I can't leave like this and I still have to apologize for running out like that..." (Why don't we head back before that man comes back.) "Oh ya good idea ... " Jack and I hurried back we came to the door I just stood their. I was about to just go home when all of a sudden I was pinned to the doors it was my teacher he fallowed us he coveted my mouth so I couldn't call for help. "Thought you could run! No wander your blood smells so intoxicating..." Seriously ... (Damian)"Hands off." Damian grabbed him by the collar and threw him off me Alex was right infront of me. I gasped a growl escaped my throat Alex picked me up in oene swift movement and took me inside I tried to protest Alex just smiled and sat me on a couch. Damian came in.(Damian)"He fled... How is she?" I looked down I realized Alex held me while I was still half dragon I blushed while rubbing my scales. If id known this would happen I'd stay home... Nah probably not. (Alex)"Alexis are you alright?" I nodded grabbing my shoulders the shock started to settle in. I knew vampire's existed but to have one try to make a meal out of me. (Damian)"Is he the one trespassing in your territory?" Alex looked at Damian. (Alex)"I'm afraid he's not the one this town is going to get busy... Alexis dear I know this is sudden but would you bare with me and listen vary carefully alright?" I nodded as I took a deep breath. Alex sat down next to me and Damian sat across. (Alex)"I know you must be shaken up but Jack came to me about you and I wanted to get to know you before I asked this but things got complicated that man who was after you isn't human as you probably guased." I nodded. "Damian and I are also vampire's how ever we don't attack people. When Jack came to me about your teachers I was worried..." (Alexis)"How did you know I mean I didn't tell him till school...." "He's my familiar so of coarse I knew when I met you I could smell that vampire on you..." So he did hiss earlier."Why tell me?" Alex smiled. I couldn't figure out why trust me with such a huge secret I mean we just met it also explains why their so hot looking. I closed my eye's and took slow deep breaths my scales vanished and everything else did to. "I trust you because Jack trusts you. Now why don't you relax while I make some more tea." I nodded and smiled. This has been a long night. Jack walked me home cousin was waiting for me he smiled and gave me a hug.(Aric)"Thank you for taking care of her." Jack grind I couldn't help giggling. We went inside Aric already had dinner ready. We ate and I went to my room to relax I laid flat on my bed and spread out I looked up all I could think about was Alex and his friend even though we just met they helped me and told me their secret... They didn't ask about mine. I smiled and turned over... I felt warmth and a gentle hand curresing my cheek as I started to fall asleep. Morning came it was a weekend but everyone was helping out around school I went of coarse to help out as well. When I got to everyone was helping out with all the debre from yesterday's earthquake I quickly scanned the entire school with my dragon eye's to see witch area's where safe clear and which weren't safe. Aric came up from behind and wrapped his arm around my shoulder. (Aric)"So do you have a layout?" I looked at him  nodding. (Alexis)"Want to see?""No way! Your way always gives me virtago..." "Sounds interesting." (Alexis)"Alex what are you doing here?"(Alex)"Oh can't I be here? I thought you would be happy..." That's not what I ment sheesh..." I finished up. "So what are you doing here?" (Alex)"Damian and I are here to help." I nodded as I drew up a map. (Alexis)"Here's the areas to watch out for and here is the safe area's to work in..." I spaced out."Earth to Alexis!" "Huh? Oh sorry just got distracted...Any ways let's get started we should start with the class rooms." We went inside to clean. Alex was helping me with one of the rooms."I'm finished with this room!" We worked untill noon. I helped serve lunch. One of the students came to me and asked for help. She kinda looked out of it so I followed her... "Hey where was it you needed help?" She remained silent. She led me to a dark room where a man sat in the dark. The door closed behind me... "This is the girl?" "Who are you?" The man had red eye's when he grind I saw fangs... He moved swiftly behind me... He was going to bite me! I closed my eye's... He whispered in my ear. I opened my eye's they where slit and I vanished all was left was my clothes. I was able to escape though not through my human form... I flew into the tree's to take cover from humans. Now what? I can't just fly around and I can't change back without my clothes... Hey theirs Alex!... But I can't just... He's looking this way! Alex turned away when his friend came up to him. I could barely hear them... I got so mad I flew off... Geeze why did I think he would be... I stopped to rest on one of the roof's. I curled up and waited for everyone to leave. Only a phew was left behind... I curled up in a ball when Alex picked me up and held me. (Alex)"Alexis your safe now. Here hop inside my jacket." I looked up at him than I scurried into his jacket. (How did you know?) (Alex)"I followed your scent when it changed someone was also following you...
