Hey Alexis dad won't be back till late wanna go out and have some fun? (Alexis)"Didn't dad wan't us to stay inside?" "Ya but it's so boring staying stuck in the lab all the time..." I shrugged and hopped down from the table. "I guase if we don't change we could go and do something." "Thanks Alexis!" We headed out and headed towards a big park. We where having alot of fun just walking and injoying the cool breeze. We stayed until it got close to dark. (Alexis)"Let's head back..." "Why?" "It's getting late and You know it's not safe after dark..." "Okay..." Sis wouldn't than all of a sudden she attacked me I jumped out of the way. (Alexis)"Sis what's wrong?" "I...don't...know I can't control....myself." Their was a dark laughter. "Of course she can't she my puppet now." A man in silk black robes revealed himself. My sister changed to her wolf form and kept attacking. I couldn't attack my own sister so I chanted a spell Root sprung from the ground and binded my sister so she couldn't move. Than I heard a male voice telling me to close my eye's so did and a bright light exploded someone picked my sister and I up and vanished. When we stopped he gently put me down. "You can open you eye's now." I slowly opened them when I looked up the man had long white hair up in a pony tail and he had glasses. (Alexis)"Thank you for saving us...but who are you?" "He's an old friend." (Alexis)"Dad..." All of a sudden my head start to hurt really badly and everything started spinning. (Dad)"Alexis?" Dad held me close. "She resisted that man's control I'm impressed but it's taken it's toll and kept her sister from cuasing harm." (Alexis)"It's not her fualt..." I passed out."Twin famililures interesting and one know's magic." "They both do but Alexis know's more about fighting than Crystal ever since they day I adopted them both at the time I had no clue about my brother's legacy till that day they came to me. I thought I could keep them safe..." The man ajusted his glasses. "Their Familiures without a master they'll always be target's..." He looked at his friends face full of worry. "Don't worry so much once they have a master they'll be fine...Look I have a friend that might help we can see him tomorrow alright." He nodded with a sigh of releif. In the morning my sister and I both woke up at the smell of food. "Good morning I hope you don't mind a simple breakfast?" We both drooled and smiled. I looked around. (Alexis)"Where's dad?" "I sent him on an erren while you ate when he's back where going on a trip." Crystal poked me. (Crystal)"Hey who's the hottie?" (Alexis)"A friend of dad."I just relized she didn't remember last night so I just left it at that. (Alexis)"He came to pick us up while you fell asleep. You where so drooling to." (Crystal)"I never drool!" I chuckled. (Alexis)"You so where." (Crystal)"Than where's your proof?" I shrugged. She stuck her tongue at me crossing her arm's. (Alexis)"Do you have a shower?" He nodded. "Down stair's go ahead and take your time." (Alexis)"Thank's..." He asked for crystal's help while I headed down stairs I still hurt from last night... I peeled my shirt off it looked like they dressed my wounds I slowly unwrapped them and it showed claw marks. "Those look like it hurt's." I looked around and saw a tiny fairy. "Want some help?" I nodded. She grabbed a spung as I turned on the water and waited for it to warm up she saw the larg claw mark on my back. (Alexis)"You don't have to wash my back..." She shook her head. "I said I would...Does it hurt?" (Alexis)"Only some time's." I pulled my hair to the front so she could wash my back the other wounds started to heal her eye's widened as the water washed over my silver hair I giggled when we finished she brushed my hair and went upstair's. "I see you met Lilli." (Crystal)"How cute." She bowed and smiled. (Lilli)"Sebastian is breakfast ready?" (Sebastian)"Yes it's ready." We sat down and dad was just in time. It was nice to have a hot breakfast with everyone. (Sebastian)"Where you able to get the things we need?" (Dad)"Yes but wasn't easy." (Sebastian)"Once everyone is finished eating I'll start the incantation to take us to magic university." (Crystal)"A magic school?" (Sebastian)"Yes my friend is a professor there I already sent word that we would be coming. And don't worry no one is allowed to force you into a contract." We started eating Crystal was excited. After we ate Sebastian got everything ready in the next room. (Sebastian)"Now just stand in the middle of the circle." We did. Lilli sat on Sebastian's shoulders humming a tune. The circle lit up as he started the incantation. All of a sudden we where in some me kind of building with mages waiting. "Sebastian I see you made it in one piece?" (Sebastian)"More or less." The man laughed. (Sebastian)"This is the head of the school." "A pleasure to meet you." (Crystal)" Nice to meet you as well. My names Crystal and this is my sister Alexis... Sis stop glaring." (Sebastian)" Where's the professor?" "Last he was teaching sword play... I believe with the new knights that came from the dragon knight school in the arena." (Sebastian)"Thanks." We headed there and on the way we looked around Crystal was really all over the place. We finally got to the arena it was huge with some kind of dome down below where people in armor it looked like different groups with different color armor... The teacher was showing how to apply magic to weapons Crystal wasn't really interested but I couldn't look away. (Sebastian)"What do you girls think so far?" (Crystal)"I'm interested in studying magic but not really fighting that's more Alexis." (Alexis)"Agreed Crystal's not much of a fighter." (Crystal)"Ideot!" She stuck her tongue out and stormed off. Everyone looked this way... (Dad)"Alexis making yourself to be the bad person won't get her to make any difference." I smiled. (Alexis)"If she hangs around me she won't have any friends..." Sebastian took my arm and headed towards the professor. The professor stopped what he was doing. "Sebastian your early." (Alexis)"You can let go now..." He did. (Sebastian)"Sorry we just wanted to watch." He laughed. We watched for a bit when I heard Crystals voice my ears twitched she was talking to some of the students that where behind us. "Hey teacher is she here to train or get in our way?" I looked towards some knights wearing blue armor. "She's not a student but if she wants to she can." He looked at me. (Alexis)"Really?" He nodded and handed me a sword. "That's just for practice you can channel your magic through it. And since our knight over here is so eager why don't you fight him." (Alexis)"Okay." "I bet your not strong." (Crystal)"I wouldn't bet that my sisters the best." We got ready I looked over the sword and swung a phew times. (Alexis)"Not bad." (Sebastian)"Just channel like before." I nodded and started to focus and chanted blue flames surrounded the sword. "Flames haha against water you mustn't be vary smart." I grind. (Crystal)"Those aren't normal flames." The kid started off and attacked I dodged it was easy to figure out his movement's. He backed off and his aura changed he struck his sword to the ground Ice pillars came at me from belowe I ran for them slicing a path way to the knight when I got close I could since the fear in him as he dropped to the ground. I tssk and turned towards my sister when the knight got angry and threw ice shardes but missed and almost hit Crystal she was knocked backwards as everyone was shocked but me I was pissed I growled the sword shattered in my hands... (Alexis)"Bastered..." Heat surrounded my body I crouched down as my body started to change into a huge tiger with blue flames durrounding my my leg's and back my eye's where deep red. I roared. Everyone could feel the energy. (Sebastian)"This is bad." Dad helped Crystal up. She quickly ran in front of the knight. (Crystal)"Sis I'm fine he didn't mean to." "That's dangerouse!" I lunged after the knight but Crystal stood her ground and wrapped her arm's around my neck I strungled for a bit when she held tighter her tear's snapped me out of it. I changed back but was barly able to move... (ALexis)"Sister? Forgive me..." I leaped out of the dome Sis found me laying on a couch in the princables office fast asleep his secritary was rubbing my head as my tail swayed back and forth. (Crystal)"She looks like a house cat." (Sebastian)" Will they be okay?" (Dad)"Ya they will." Everyone left the room to go look for Sebastian and dad while I slept. I had a dream that I went to the forest when I got their I saw a white tiger covered in blue flames I called out but it went inside the forest, I chased after it. It stopped Suddenly I woke up I looked out the window and saw the forest from my dream. "Their huh?" I jumped up and opened the window and jumped down and dashed for the forest. This forest in strange... I ran into some clearing I looked around when a roar came from a large cave A huge beast came out the ground shook as it walked towardds me. "You shouldn't be here." (Alexis)"Why not?" "I am the king of the forests leave now!" (Alexis)"Not till I find someone..." He roared and charged at me I ran towards it the big Lion like beast slashed  I jumped out of the way but it left huge claw marks into the ground. That girl's going to get herself killed. I kept hearing voices of the forests When I jumped I stood still. (Alexis)"What do you know about me?" I growled I started to change into a huge tiger with blue flames. I roared. I dashed towards the beast we clashed a phew time's when I leaped towards it one more time he swiped his paw and knocked me into a tree really hard it knocked me out than I changed back to human form... The beast started to walk towards me with men in red cloaks came down and surrounded me one of the them picked me up and they took off.
