Hey Rose let's celebrate tonight at a new club. "Alexis why?" (Alexis)"Just because it's you're birthday." I sighed. "Come on for me" "Fine but can't stay out long alright... Just because I'm 21 now doesn't mean I can be out late..." "Don't worry I won't keep you long... " Earth to rose come on!" "Comeing!" Alexis took me shopping we where returning to her car on the other side when my head started to hurt I grabbed Alexis and told her to stop she did than a car ran a red light. (Alexis)"Jirk! Rose your a life saver  you're awesome." I smiled. "Even though I know what your thinking and feeling?" She nodded. "Now let's go have fun okay." "Okay." We got to her car and she drove us to a club that looked strange. "Come on Rose." I rolled my eye's and got out. We showed our cards to the security he let us in. The place wasn't varey bright other than the dim lights we got to the bar. (Bartender) "What will it be tonight?" (Alexis)"Something light for my friend and something mild for now." "You got it." I whispered to Alexis. "Is this really a club?" She nodded and smiled. "Wait till you meet the guy's here. Their suppose to be meeting us soon." "Guy's? Alexis had that look. (Alexis)" Remember I told you I started dating someone right." I nodded. "Well he asked me out but said I should bring a friend to... I know I should of asked but your my only best friend forgive me?" She looked apologetic. I smiled and nodded she squealed and hugged me. "Sorry where late." A voice was behind wich made me jump. "Sorry didn't mean to startle you." "Aric!" Alexis leaped into his arms. Their where him and a guy next to him they both looked hot and really young. (Alexis)"Sorry he-he Rose this is Aric my boyfriend and this is Rose my best friend." (Aric)"A pleasure to meet you. This is Damian." I smiled. (Rose)"Hi it's nice to meet you to." I looked over at Damian and noticed he was looking right at me I felt my face getting red. Alexis giggled. "Would you like to go sit in the back room tonight?"(Aric)"Yes and could you bring these lady's something to eat?" "Alright if you'll fallow me." We fallowed the bartender to a room in the back that said VIP room. We sat down Alexis wouldn't let go of Aric's arm though it looked like he didn't mind. (Alexis)"So what took you?" Aric smiled. Aric pulled out a box and gave it to Alexis. She smiled as she opened it. (Alexis)"Aww its beautiful thanks Aric." She held up a red jewel necklace Aric placed it around her neck. I smiled while sipping my drink. (Aric)"Looks like your friend fell asleep. " (Alexis)"Don't wake her she need's it... Since it's her birthday." "Why didn't you say so?" "Because she hates her birthday... Could you carry her to my car so I could take her my place?" (Aric)"No way are you driving! We'll take you home and no arguing." She nodded. "Damian could you carry her?" (Damian)"Sure..." Damian got up and reached out for me when he puased he saw tears running down my face while the two weren't looking he wiped the tears away and carefully picked me up. He carried me to Arics car and buckled me into the back seat the other two fallowed behind. Alexis called my mom  telling her since it was late that Rose could stay the night. Aric dropped us off he didn't want to leave us alone but Alexis insisted after giving Damian a piece of paper with a phone number. (Alexis)"That's Rose's number."She winked. (Damian)"Are you sure?" She nodded with a smile. (Aric)"Call me if you need anything promise?" "I will promise." They left after Damian covered me. Alexis took everything off except my underwear. She sat on the edge getting undressed herself I came up from behind and hugged her planting my face in her back she clasped my hands. "I'm sorry..." She smiled. "Don't be sorry now get some sleep okay." I nodded and closed my eye's. (Rose)"Alexis." "Yes?" "Thanks. I had fun tonight." "I'm glad. Hey did you have any headaces?" I shook my head. "Actuly no...It was so quiet I must of just dozed off." "Isn't your dad retired military?" I nodded falling back to sleep. Alexis smiled and wasn't far behind me. I woke up someone was trying to get in the apartment. I quietly woke Alexis up telling her to be quiet... I know that energy... Alexis texted Aric. (Can you come? I think someone's trying to break in!") (Alright stay hidden where on our way.) Our hearts where pounding when the noise stopped than we heard Arics voice, Alexis opened the door and jumped into his arms crying. (Aric)" Are you girls alright?" Alexis nodded still barrieing her face in his chest. I grasp my arm's shaking Alexis must of noticed she knew that I only get this way when it involves that man. (Damian)" Looked like who ever was here ran off..." Damian stopped. We where still in our underwear. I blushed than tried to find my clothes Alexis helped. (Alexis)" Here's some jeans." Alexis handed me them I took them. "Thanks." I started to put them on but was having issues than I finaly got them on. My hair was in the way I grew it really long just a little bit passed my back wich covered two scars on my back I quickly grabbed my shirt and put it on. (Aric)" I think we should take you girls to our place is that alright?" I was going to protest when Alexis held me. (Alexis)" He's right please you can't go home..." I nodded. "Your right..." Damian held out his hand for me. I took it as he helped me up. When Damian took her hand he saw something her emotions flooded his mind she was scared to death. Alexis got dressed and we gathered extra clothes than left the girls where in the middle of Aric and Damian Alexis was on Arics arm just before we where free a man blocked our path.  He looked mad and really drunk... Aric stepped infront of Alexis. "Rose!" I stepped back scared out of my mind. (Aric)" Your scaring these girls." He glared. "Who the hell are you?" Damian wrapped his arm around me I blushed. (Aric)" Where taking these lovely lady's out on a date I would apreiciate it if you wouldn't bother them. He didn't say a word. "Now if you'll excuse us will be leaving." He stepped aside we passed by he looked out of it. When we got to Arics car I got into the back so did Damian I leaned against his arm. Before I knew it I closed my eye's their was no noise or wild emotion's infact it was quiet I dozed off. Damian laid me in bed after they got to their place. (Alexis)"Thanks Aric for letting us stay here... " Aric wrapped his arm's around Alexis. "You'll always be safe with me." Aric saw Damian.  "How is she?" (Damian)"Sleeping soundly." (Alexis)"That's rare for her she has a hard time getting to sleep..." "Why don't you fill us in." Alexis sighed and nodded. Aric picked her up and took her to the couch. (Alexis)"I've known Rose ever since she was adopted she always knew thing's like if I wasn't feeling good or something happened she was their..." "She's an empath.?" "That's what I thought at first but than she was able to read mind's and predict danger and desasters... She hardly gets any sleep..." "Where did those scares come from?" Tears wallowed up inside Alexis. "We where still kids I was staying with Rose while her dad was still in the militarey though it was his last night I was getting movies from Rose's room when I heard a crash... I saw Rose on the ground in tears a man had a knife he didn't even notice me I wanted to say something but Rose shook her head than I remebered Rose told me her dad kept pepper spray around the house just incase of a break in when I came in their was blood... before he could stab again I spray in his eye's than shoved him out of the way takeing Rose to the bathroom and locking it... Rose was barly staying awake but I did my best to clean her up and made sure she stayed awake it felt like hours when her dad banged on the door he broke the lock I was relieved to see him at first than I kinda paniced when the bathroom was filled with stained towels... but he didn't scold me instead he held me in his arm's and said good job go get cleaned up I'll take it from here...Ever since than her and I been really close." "I'm sorry... I shouldn't of pried..." Alexis shook her head. "It's not like she hides it or anything she's pretty tough." (Aric)" That's messed up...Alexis your always welcome here." I tossed and turned that man huanted my dreams I was so started I almost leaped out of bed Damian was there he wrapped me in his arm's and let me cry. Till morning came Damian was asleep and so was I. I woke up and got dressed I called my dad while Alexis and I ate breakfast. Dad picked us up dropping Alexis off at her car and took me home. (Father)"So kiddo how was you're night out?" "Besides some crazy guy trying to break in Alexis apartment great..." "Are you alright?" "Ya thanks to Aric and Damian." "Oh? Well I'm glad your both safe. Maybe you should hold off looking for a job." "I would like to find something small at least." "If your still going to why don't you try my friends bar well café bar if you want I could drop you off?" "Sure that would be great dad." Dad drove to his friend's place. It lookes like he was closed for the day dad's friend opened the door and let us in. "Jack it's been awhile." (Jack)"Has it?" He smiled and started mixing a drink. "What would you like?" I thought for a moment. (Rose)"Do you have hot tea?" He smiled. "I do." He started boiling water. "So what brings you to here?" (Rose)"I'm looking for work." He placed a cup infront of me and placed some loose tea ontop pouring hot water over it the smell was amazing. I carefully cupped the cup. "I don't mind help but it would be mostly at night. How about it?" (Rose)"I did just get my license but I would need a ride first..." (Jack)"Don't worry you can have my bike I don't ride any more." I smiled. (Rose)"Are you sure?" He nodded. "Great how about you start tonight?" "Sure it would help take my mind off things." "Than I'll see you tonight." I smiled and thanked him than went out to the car and waited for dad. I sent a text to Alexis than a man knocked on the window I rolled it down his where strange. (Rose)"Can I help you?" The man smile and my head felt hazy. "I need some help you see I'm just visiting and got lost." I got out. (Rose)"Where is it are you trying to go?" I started to feel a little light headed. "Are you alright?" I nodded but then I started to feel really weak the man smiled as I started to black out, the man held me and took off swiftly like inhuman speed dad finally came out and noticed I was gone but left my phone behind... Dad called Alexis asking her to keep an eye out for Rose. He was worried than Jack noticed Damian's normally he wasn't crazy about guys but he wanted to find his duaghter so he dialed. (Damian)"Rose?" (Jack)"This is her dad..." "Is everything alright?" "I'm sorry to bother you but... Rose is missing... She left her phone... It isn't like her..." Damian could tell by his voice he wasn't kidding. (Damian)"Where are you will help you look for her!" Jack gave him the address and waited. Damian and Aric showed up. Damian and Aric knew already the scent of one of their own kind Damian fought back a growl. (Jack)"Damian and?" "Aric. I'm Alexis boyfriend..." (Jack)"By your look you already know what happened to my daughter... Fallow me inside..." They fallowed Jack inside the bar. Jack sat down at the bar. (Jack)"I was hoping I was wrong but..." (Aric)"What do you mean?" Jack sighed. (Jack)"I was a soldier once I know you know what happened to Rose... Rose wouldn't go with anybody not with her gift's... " (Damian)"Unless they knew how to block her ability..." He nodded. "I adopted Rose during one of my missions... I found her alone...I brought her home but I knew she was spiecle. My men and I where saved by her countless times." (Aric)"That's not the only thing is it Alexis told us how she got her scars... But she didn't tell us everything." Jack nodded and rubbed his forhead. "That night I came home to blood on the floors and black feather's my first thought was to make sure the girls where okay... Alexis was tending to Rose the whole time black wing's was comeing out of her back. Alexis didn't care she was just trying to stop the bleeding..." (Damian)"That explains her scent..." (Aric)"Ya but the problem is who took her... Who ever it was is strong." (Jack)"What took her?" Damian and Aric paused. (Damian)"A vary powerful vampire like us though this is a first someone tried to take someone..." Damian gritted his fangs and dug his claw's into his palms. (Aric)"You're taking this well Jack for hearing what we are." Jack laughed. (Jack)"Nothing surprise's me any more I just want my daughter back." I started to gain conscious rope was wrapped around my wrists and ankle's I felt silk sheets I looked around but it was dark. I heard a door open. "Your awake." I felt someone lay next to me than touched my cheek which made me cring... The man laughed. "So you're his new lover?" His voice frightened me. He turned me over to face him. He smelled my neck but he wasn't breathing. "That look the bliss of taking something of his is what's most pleasure..." I felt a sharp pain in my neck than something wet... He's inside me..! Tears ran down my cheeks. Damian caught the scent of blood his eye's where red with rage Aric had to hold him back. (Aric)"Calm down Damian it won't help her if you're out of control." Damian calmed down. (Damian)" I know... I know." 
My mind felt blank my body felt drained. I passed out. Damian heard my thoughts. (Damian)"As much as I'd hate to admit it I think you should call your family Aric..." (Aric)"That's not like you... Alright I'll get them here Jack can you go home and let us handle this?" Jack didn't but he knew he'd just be in the way. He nodded. (Jack)"Just bring her back please." (Aric)"We promise." Jack left so did Damian and Aric. They stopped at the mansion. When darkness approached so did black car's pulled up. Aric opened the door. Their standing was a beautiful lady with long black hair and light blue eye's. "Aric dear we came as fast as we could." Aric kissed his mother's cheeks. "Brother I hope you wont let us wait out here." (Aric)"Forgive me sister. I welcome everyone in. She smiled and entered so did the rest. (Aric)"Thank you for coming..." "Is it true a vampire ran off with Damian's mate?" Aric nodded. (Aric)"It's been 100 years since a vampire took someone in our territory."Everyone fell silent. "Aric dear whose the girl?" (Damian)"Her name is Rose... She's weakening... " (Sister)"Are you saying your connected to her?" Damian nodded with a pained look. Than a male voice interrupted. "Sis you should know better." She apologized. (Aric)"Right now we should get Rose back but..." "Son theirs no if or buts Damian's apart of our family plus stealing another's mate's was banned..." (Aric)"I'm also worried about Alexis..." (Sister) "Leave her to mother and I you and brother and Damian should go rescue Rose but be careful." They left into the night Damian fallowed the scent to an abandoned building. When they entered they could smell Rose and the vampire. "So you came after all Damian!" Laughter filled the building. They went further into another large room in the middle laid Rose all tied up. Aric had to hold back Damian. I heard Damian calling out to me I opened my eye's I slowly looked up. Damian... I smiled I sat up but I couldn't stand. (Rose)"Damian." I said faintly but some how he still heard me. A man appeared in front of me I was terrified. Damian growled. (Damian)"You!" "Damian are you really surprised? Who else would take what's yours just like before!" He grind holding my face up to look at Damian... What's he talking about? "Oh you didn't know? Damian was in love once but I took it from him!" (Damian)"You killed her!" "No I changed her but she wasn't strong enough..." (Rose)"That's terrible...Why would you..." The man interrupted. "To make him suffer of coarse!" The man grind. Instead of fear I was mad my back started to burn and sting I fell forward screaming in pain... The man jumped back. Black wing's burst out from my back blood splash and dripped from my wing's my hair color changed. I flapped my wing's I landed in front of Damian. (Rose)"I won't let you hurt him any more!" The man laughed. "Your in love how cute..." The man moved with great speed but I could fallow I quickly blocked his path. Everyone was shocked but Damian knew better. He could tell my breathing was difficult. The man saw this as well and escaped I was going to fallow. (Damian)"Rose stop!" I stopped and looked at him. (Rose)"Why? He's getting away!" (Damian)"You're losing blood..." Huh? I collapsed into Damian's arm's. (Rose)"Damian... I feel cold... I..." Damian pulled back my hair. (Rose)"I'm sorry..." (Damian)"Don't be..." I chuckled. (Rose)"I fell in love it's true... But..." Damian stopped me and smiled. (Damian)"I love you to it was clear to me when we first met." I cried I tried to hide the bite marks on my neck... "She's lost alot of blood...The only way to save her is..." Damian looked sad. (Rose)"Damian whats wrong?" (Damian)"I can save you...but..." Aric and his brother looked at each other. (Damian)"I can turn you... I don't know what will happen to you..." I looked at him. (Rose)"I trust you. Besides I have wing's." I lifted one of my wing's barely. I could barely keep my eye's open. Damian bit his wrist red liquid dripping Aric held my head up while Damian kissed me I could feel hot liquid burning down my throat I cluched his arm my whole body was on fire... The room was spinning than everything went black. I could hear people talking than two familiar voices. (Aric)"Damian you gotta rest." "He's right you'll wear yourself out..." I slowly my eye's. (Rose)"Why is it so loud?" They looked at me. Damian held my hand. (Damian)"Where not being loud your just not use to your new hearing." He smiled. I felt something sharp prick my tongue... (Rose)"What happened?" Aric showed me a mirror my eye's where red and cat like I gasped than I saw fangs. I also noticed my wing's where still there. (Aric)"Take it slow you're body's still recovering it took  all of us to feed you." I looked around everyone seamed tired. (Rose)"Thank you..." (Damian)"I'm sorry... I had no right to drag you into our world... I..." I kissed him deeply. (Rose)"I wasn't lieing when I said I love you. So don't be sorry. I felt violated by that man but you know that's not why I was so mad...He wanted to hurt you by making you watch lose someone... I didn't want to hurt someone be hurt like that again..." Damian held me in his arm's. "What am I going to tell my dad!" Everyone burst out laughing. (Aric)"I already told him." Damian picked me up and carried me off to his room. He closed the door and laid me down. I smiled. Damian laid next to me. He looked at me while pulling back a strand of hair from my face. 
