Getting from my grandfather so suddenly was a little worrisome... I know he moved to an inland in the middle of no where though people still come and go... "Ma'am where about to land." "Okay thanks." Before we landed I read grandfather's letter over again. Dear Alexis I know I haven't been around for you but incase something happened I'm sending this letter with an address if you ever find yourself in danger go here their you'll find an old friend that can protect you... Wander what he means...First I should find a place to stay... We landed in the dock's. "Injoy your stay." I smiled. I got off the ship and asked around for an inn. I was dericted to an inn not to far.I got to the inn and asked if their where any room's free.THe man shook his head he looked terrafied. I looked around and noticed cloaked men hiding. "Thank you any way's..." I walked out.. I sighed, looking for another inn will be useless maybe I should go where grandfather told me to go...Look's like it's on the other side of the inland...I chanted some words the wind picked up and I vanished my persuers looked around comfused I appeared at the location infront was a huge mansion covered in vines.and roses... Well this is the place... I looked at the letter once again.The wind blew my persuers where close I quickly opened the doors and ran in locking it behind me. I took a deep breath and looked around. For an old place someone sure keeps it cleaned... "Who are you?" I jumped a man with long black hair in a pony tail with a buttler suit on came up from behind me I jumped... (Alexis)" Don't scare me like that!...I'm Alexis my grandfather said to come here if I needed help..." "Ah forgive me I'm Sebastian I take care of this place till my Master wakes up." (Alexis)"Who's your Master?" (Sebastian)"My Master is Damian Bloodrose he's asleep though and hasn't woken up..." "That's a problem..." I looked out the window men in cloaks where right outside. "Can you take me to your Master please?" Sebastian wasn't to thrilled. All of a sudden the men burst through the door Sebastian grabbed my hand and ran. He led me to a room... "Go I'll keep them preoccupied!" He opened a book shelf leading to a hidden passageway I nodded and headed down. The place looked old and new the corridors lead to a room it was dimly lit their in the middle of the room was a black coffin... Your kidding me...Grandfather is this who you said who can help me? I looked closely at the coffin looked like old writing... I started to recite the words. than claws grew I cupped my hand drawing blood...letting it drip over the coffin. I felt my hair being yanked back vilently I was slammed agaisnt the wall I gasped... "Get off me!" The beast was about to sink his fangs into my neck I cringed but all of a sudden he yowled and burst into flames... I looked up and saw a man with blue eye's and long black hair. He spoke in a different tongue... (Alexis)" Well that's new..." Sebastian flew down the stair way... (Sebastian)" Master..." Sebastian kneeled. I turned  around and put up a barrier. but than I felt a sharp pain in my chest...When the man pulled out his claw I fell into the man behind me...I felt something go into my neck. 
Her thought's flowed into my mind as my fangs sank into her soft neck. Her blood is like sweet necture... Her eye's where pleading. I pulled out and bit into my wrist drinking it into my mouth I fed her my blood. Good her wounds are closing... His blood burned it forced me into my dragon form I flew out of the room... I roared. "Master what is she?" I slammed Sebastian into the wall. I changed back. (Alexis)"What did you do? My throat's burning..." (Damian)"First can you release Sebastian?" I did... (Alexis)"I have to return to my grandfather's estate or what's left of it..." "Those men where after you do you think it's wise to go their?" I sighed. (Alexis)"No but it's my only choice... He told me you could help  
