I woke up in the garden it was dark one was around. I walked around in one room I found my brother's and sister's all in bat form I giggled as they swarmed me one nibbled on my thumb."Ouch easy! I'm not a snack you know... Wander where daddy is?"I walked into another room dad was behind me he waved his hand."Sleep."Everyone fell asleep including me.He picked up a teddy bear than picked me up he carried me to his chambers he gently sat me down and woke me up. When I opened my eye's I smiled and wrapped my arms around him. "Happy birthday baby girl I hope you can forgive your sibling's." He smiled and handed me the teddy with a red bow. I smiled and nodded holding the bear close."Thank you daddy I love it!"Dad's eye's looked sad."Baby girl I need you to listen to me vary carefully alright?" I nodded. "I need you and your siblings to hide underground their are some bad people when you wake up I need you to find your mom she lives in a town Sebastian will stay with you." Father whispered and I started to fall asleep. Seeing my fathers face I closed my eye's father carried me below to a secret chamber below their was a larg coffin it had the royal crest ontop father gently laid me inside Sabastian changed to a bat and laid next to me my wolf pup also hopped in." Alright you to protect her for me."He placed a amulet around my neck it had black wings with a small blood gem in the middle. He kissed my forhead and closed the lid. A few days passed a startling noice woke me from my slumber in the distance I could hear my siblings I opened the coffin Sabastian and fangs came with me. I walked around father was no where to be found... Father where are you...? A man came out of no where he looked Scarry."Found one! Heh come here..." I shook my head Fangs bit his hand we ran to find a place to hide. Where's everyone? I hid in one of our bushes by the fountain I heard two men talking they trapped my siblings in a room once i heard them leave i rushed to the other side only to find the man waiting. He grind."Its day light and you look like your to weak to escape." "Who are you calling weak!? Where's my sibling's?" "Locked up and soon they'll be weak put up a fight..." I hissed bareing my fangs. "Princess let us protect you!" Sebastian and Fangs lunged at the man but was over powered. Sebastian Fangs! That's it...! Range filled up dark mist surrounded me as I started to change to an adult With long black hair my skin was smooth but white as snow my eye's where crimson red
my nails where sharp as dagger's my fangs grew long and sharp, i wore a dress was black as night with blood red lining."I will protect my sibling's!" I broke the doors keeping my siblings locked up the man got a weapon out I grind as soon as my siblings where near in a flash we vanished and appeared in a dark place I changed back to a child the noise and lights where harsh on my sences.(Fangs)"Where are we?
