My lady where almost their. "Thank you." "Is this your first time?" I nodded. "My first ball without my grandfather." "I see my lady I'm sure you'll have a great time." "Sir I know you helped me out when my carriage got stuck." "It was my pleasure to help a beautiful young lady such as yourself." I giggled. "Is it true that you must ware a mask?" "It is my lady." Alexander saw my face filled with worry. "What am I going to do my mask broke when my hand slipped..." "May I have your hand?" I looked at him he smiled. I held out my hand. He took out a mask it was beautiful and yet strange I couldn't help but gaze at it. He placed it in my hand. "It's beautiful." "You like it?" I nodded. "It's a unique mask." "Why's that?" "Their a pair and one of a kind. It's yours if you'd like." "Really? But isn't this spiecle?" He smiled. "A beautiful mask for a beautiful lady." I started blushing. The mask had a red jewel in the top middle with a feather on both side's. It only covered the top half of your face it looked like it had fangs as well. I carefully placed it on my lap and stared out of the carriage. We arrived I took a deep breath. "My dear?" He held out his hand to help me out. I gracefully took it and got out of the carriage while grasping the mask Alexander put on his mask so did I a butler showed us to the ball room. Everyone was in aw as we entered everyone was already whispering about us. (Lady)"Isn't that Lord Alexander?" (Lord)"Yes but who's that with him?" (Grand duke)"Ahh Alexander glad you made it! And who's this lovely lady with you?" I curtseyed. "I'm lady Rose granduaghter of duke Gasp ion." (Grand duke)"Ah right he did say he was sending his granddaughter in his sted but he never mentioned how beautiful you are. Welcome to my party I hope you'll injoy yourself." (Rose)"Thank you my lord." Alexander held out his arm. (Alexander) "Shall we my dear?" I nodded and wrapped my arm in his. The music was lovely. And everyone was talking. Than everyone started dancing. (Alexander)"My lady would you dance with me?" (Rose)"Yes please." We danced first it was fast than slow and then it picked up again I lost Alexander in the crowed so I stood watching...I danced with other's but it didn't feel the same some lady's approached me. (Lady)"What's a girl hanging around Lord Alexander?" (Rose)"I'm sorry?" (Lady)"We saw you with him and he never brings anybody." (Rose)"Don't you have better thing's to do than gang up on me?" They scoffed and left. I sighed. (Grand duke)"Why the sigh my lady?" (Rose)"Oh it's nothing my lord." When the duke was about to make move Alexander showed up out of no where. (Rose)"Lord Alexander." I was so relieved to see him.(Alexander)"Rose their you are my dear I was looking for you. It's time to leave I hope you pardon us Duke." Alexander took my hand and lead me out. (Rose)"It seems you saved me once more my lord." He helped me into the carriage. (Alexander)"My dear you are worth saving." He smiled and clasped my chin gently. "You are more beautiful than those girl's at the ball." (Rose)"You saw that...?" I looked down. "Why that look?" "I shouldn't of acted that way..." "You where defending yourself where you not?" I nodded. I started to feel sleepy I drift off to sleep. I woke up and it was morning already. "Good morning miss Rose." "Good morning. Um where am I?" "Your in Master's mansion he asked me to take care of you. My name is Sebastian and I'm a butler here." My tummy made growling noices I blushed. (Sebastian)"Why don't you take a bath while I cook you breakfast." I nodded. He showed me to a large bath room with fountain's he closed the doors. I got un dressed and slowly got in it was nice and hot I unfolded my wing's so I could wash them and my horns and tail. I washes every inch of my body. Should I stay..? I don't want to leave... I looked at my reflection in the water... My hair was long to my knees my eye's where like jewels. I stood up letting the water drip down my body... I clunched my arm's holding back an urge I've never felt before.I got out and dried myself. I hid everything and got dressed. Sebastian was waiting. "Miss did your bath?" "Yes thank you." "I have breakfast ready if you'll fallow me to the dinner room." I followed Sebastian to beautiful room. Alexanader was waiting at the table.(Rose)"Good morning my Lord." (Alexander)"Good morning my dear hope you slept well." "I did my Lord. I didn't realize how tired I was..." Sebastian pulled out a chair and I sat down. We talked as we waited I haven't had this much fun in age's. "My Lord is it true that when you travel that every culter is different?" "Yes most are and some are closely the same." "I miss traveling my grandfather use to take me every where with him but... Now he just goes alone. Forgive me my Lord." "No need it's quite alright. Why don't we eat maybe that will take your mind off thing's." I smiled and nodded. Sebastian came out with food it smelled really good. We injoyed breakfast than Alexander was showing me around. It was beautiful their was many antiques. He has really good tastes about how everything looked. But some where along the way...I got lost... Great I'm lost... Don't panic... I walked through some hallways I made it back to the entrance I sighed in relief... (Alexander)"Rose their you are." I was happy to see him. (Rose)"My lord... I'm sorry I kinda got lost..." "It's my fault I should of warned you it's easy to get lost here." I chuckled. "I hope you don't mind waiting till tomorrow to be taken home." "I don't mind." I smiled. That means I can stay a little longer. "I hate to leave early but I must retire for the day." "Oh okay. Good night my Lord." He kissed my hand and left. What should I do to pass the time..? (Sebastian) "Miss Rose are you alright?" I nodded. "Just lost in thought..." (Sebastian)"If you want theirs a garden out back." "Thank you but I think I'm going to rest I'm still sleepy." "As you wish Miss." I went to sleep. I had a nightmare that woke me up I shot up out of bed breathing really hard... Alexander was their and held me.(Alexander)"Rose it's okay it's me. Breath." I clunched his arm tightly. Tears ran down my cheeks. (Rose)"Forgive me..." My tear's didn't hold back. (Alexander)"I can't bare to see you cry my dear." He wiped my tear's. I slowly breathed and calmed down. I got up and went to the window. (Rose)"I'm okay now..." Alexander came up behind me and held me into his arm's. His lip's touched my neck. (Rose)"My Lord?" (Alexander)"I can't resist your smell any longer..."Sharp fangs grew from his mouth I felt a sharp pain than it soothed red liquid rolled across my chest. Her blood burned my throat but it was sweet more than sweet her memory's flooded my mind this feeling is different her thought's and mine are murging togeather. When I looked into the window she was smiling how could she smile when someone's taking her life blood. I looked closer her body looked older...Mature. I stopped. (Alexander)" Forgive me...Why arent you afraid?" (Rose)"Should I be my Lord?" He smiled and laughed. (Alexander)"No wander I fell for you. But must you hide your true self from me?" I turned around and looked at him. I took a deep breath. I showed him one of my forms. I unfolded my wings as he gazed into my eye's. (Alexander)"Beautiful." I started to blush. (Alexander)"My dear will you be mine forever?" I smiled. (Rose)"Yes. But I must return home first. "My lady it's time to wake up." I woke up... Was it all just a dream? I touched my neck but nothing was their... "My Lord. She won't come out." The door swung opened. When they entered the window's where opened."Oh my she must of went off to her secret spot." (Alexander)"Do you know where?" They shook their head. "It's hidden only my lady knows...Their is one other." "You don't mean that furball do you?" "I do and you'll find him often playing in the gardens..." (Alexander)"Thank you." Alexander went to find this friend in the gardens. (Sebastian)"Master are you sure it's wise to stay out in the sun light?" "Well what do we have here?" (Sebastian)"Who's their?" "Hehe I'm a powerful guardian I won't let anyone disturb her." (Alexander)"So you do know where she is?" "I won't tell you... I bet your like all the rest first you act like you care than just use her and leave..." "Tell me why do you say that?" "It doesn't matter if your human or vampire... In the end you just want power and money or in your case breakfast..." Alexander's eye's where angry but not because he said those thing's but because it's happened. A vampire can tell a lie and truth. "You really care for my master? If so than enter but I warn you if you don't you'll be lost forever. Oh and your servant stays with me. Unless you both want to be tried?" (Sebastian)"I'll go." "Alright just head to that big tree the entrance starts their. Good luck." He vanished and appeared in my lap.(Rose)"Puck where did you go?" He chuckled. (Puck)"Just testing to see if their worthy of you master." "Geeze your such a trouble maker. Though you never go that far..." "Well he looked like he was about to kill when I mentioned you..." "Why Sebastian?" "Hehe his test is for his master. I can't help it that's why I'm here you know. I want to know your in good hand's. You where the only one who saw my true form after all." I stroked his fur. I watched them closely than out of no where they showed up. The look on their face was priceless I couldn't help but laugh. (Alexander)"Their you are." I stood up. "How long are you going to keep yourself frozen?" I looked up into his eye's. (Rose)"I don't know what you're talking about..." (Puck)"Master maybe it's time to let go?" (Rose)"How did you know?" (Alexander)"When you said that you must return home their was sadness in your voice though I noticed something was different about you...You remind me of myself frozen in time." (Sebastian)"How long?" (Rose)"I forget...Ever since that day...I tried to save everyone..." (Puck)"She stopped time for everyone even on her self. A dragon can live forever but not humans." (Alexander)"My dear it'll be painful but I promise I'll never leave you." I nodded and smiled. I started to sing everything started to fall apart. It brought us back to the night of the ball dance but this time I was an adult puck was with me. This time Alexander was leaving... His carriage passed me by than it stopped. (Alexander)"Miss the ball ended... Have we met?" I smiled.(Rose)"I'm afraid I'm quite lost my lord..." He held out his hand. When I took it our memories rushed back. He lifted me inside. I barried my face in his chest and cried. (Alexander)"What happened?" (Puck)"It was the price for breaking the spell everything reset to the day you met but you lost your memories in return... " (Sebastian)"So howed our memories returned?" "You found each other keeping your promise." (Rose)" If it was that simple than why have a side effect at all?" 
