That's the mansion...are you sure no one lives there? "Ya no one now come on where already cutting it close to curfew...Alexis you still coming?" "Ya but let's hurry the fogs rolling in and going back will be troublesome." They where about to knock just in case when the doors opened a little girl was there. "I thought no one lived here..." "Hello." The girl was beautiful small but her skin was pale as snow her hair was long... "Hi umm sorry we didn't know anyone lived here." She giggled. "It's okay it's just me and my father." A man came up behind the little girl. "What brings you all the way out here?" The guys jumped. (Alexis)"We go to a school nearby truthfully we shouldn't be out this late... but we heard this place is haunted." "Ah well I wouldn't know about it being haunted but you're welcome to find out." (Alexis)"We might have to take you up on that..." "Alexis..." "What if it is haunted..." (Alexis)"Well we won't be able to cross the bridge safely the fogs to thick now... Umm would it be alright if we stayed till the fog lifts?" "Of course Lilith can you get the fireplace going?" She nodded. "And let Sebastian know we have guests." He showed us inside. "My name is Alexander." (Alexis)"I'm Alexis these are my friends Kate Jake their twins and Aric he's the one who likes ghosts." "Don't forget about me..." (Alexis)"And that's Crystal." Did you send a messenger to the head mistress?" She nodded. We sat by the fire and warmed up. (Crystal)"This place is amazing!" (Kate)"Sure is." (Alexander)"Thank you.." (Kate)"Alexis what do you think?" She looked over and I was passed out. (Jake)"She's already passed out..." (Aric)"Can't blame her she had to deal with the head mistress all morning." (Crystal)" Ya they've been really training her harder than the rest of us." The fog lifted and we headed back to the school... (Sebastian)"Master those kids." (Alexander)"I know I could smell it to..." (Lilith)"Father that girl was really pretty. Alexis wasn't it?" A couple days passed sometimes on my day off I would visit Lilith. The head mistress called me in. (Alexis)"You wanted to see me?" (Head mistress)"Yes I understand your training is going well." I nodded. "I want you to start training in the elite starting tomorrow." (Alexis)"Yes ma'am." "Dismissed." I sighed. It was another foggy night I decided to lay outside watching the skies. (Lilith)"You can't see the sky in this fog." (Alexis)"Lilith what are you doing here?" She pouted. (Lilith)"You didn't show so I came instead. You're not mad are you?" (Alexis)"No it's just I got a lot on my mind..." (Lilith)"What's wrong?" (Alexis)"More training for the elite... starting tomorrow." (Lilith)"You don't sound happy about it." (Alexis)"That's because I won't be around much and the trials are more brutal than regular training..." Lilith vanished...I looked around but she was no where so I laid back on the bench and closed my eyes. Alexander came to see me though I was fast asleep he pulled my hair to the sides and watched me with sad loving eyes. He slipped a ring on one of my fingers it looked like a blue rose. He kissed it than vanished into the mist. When I woke up I noticed the ring it had Alexanders scent I smiled. "Alexis time to go." (Alexis)"Right. Coming." I yawned and headed to grab my things... training in ancient catacombs is one part and the other... is facing danger. We gathered into the lower part of the school. (Teacher)"Alexis your asignment will be to search the catacombs for any trouble." I nodded and headed off. I walked for what seemed like miles when I came to a strange room it was dark collumns held up each corner  
